Before they join the euro , the new EU states must first spend at least two years in a second - generation Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM II ) , which sets fluctuation limits between their currencies and the euro .	Of the older EU members , Britain , Denmark and Sweden have opted out of the common currency .	   Three countries -- Estonia , Lithuania and Slovenia -- joined ERM II in June , with the aim of adopting the euro in 2007 , while Cyprus also wants to join then , the Brussels report noted .	12	0	5
Before they join the euro , the new EU states must first spend at least two years in a second - generation Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM II ) , which sets fluctuation limits between their currencies and the euro .	Of the older EU members , Britain , Denmark and Sweden have opted out of the common currency .	   Three countries -- Estonia , Lithuania and Slovenia -- joined ERM II in June , with the aim of adopting the euro in 2007 , while Cyprus also wants to join then , the Brussels report noted .	12	11	12
Three countries -- Estonia , Lithuania and Slovenia -- joined ERM II in June , with the aim of adopting the euro in 2007 , while Cyprus also wants to join then , the Brussels report noted .	Before they join the euro , the new EU states must first spend at least two years in a second - generation Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM II ) , which sets fluctuation limits between their currencies and the euro .	   Malta , Latvia and Slovakia are aiming to join from 2008 , Poland and the Czech Republic from 2009 and Hungary in 2010 , it said .	9	12	14
Three countries -- Estonia , Lithuania and Slovenia -- joined ERM II in June , with the aim of adopting the euro in 2007 , while Cyprus also wants to join then , the Brussels report noted .	Before they join the euro , the new EU states must first spend at least two years in a second - generation Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM II ) , which sets fluctuation limits between their currencies and the euro .	   Malta , Latvia and Slovakia are aiming to join from 2008 , Poland and the Czech Republic from 2009 and Hungary in 2010 , it said .	19	22	24
Three countries -- Estonia , Lithuania and Slovenia -- joined ERM II in June , with the aim of adopting the euro in 2007 , while Cyprus also wants to join then , the Brussels report noted .	Before they join the euro , the new EU states must first spend at least two years in a second - generation Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM II ) , which sets fluctuation limits between their currencies and the euro .	   Malta , Latvia and Slovakia are aiming to join from 2008 , Poland and the Czech Republic from 2009 and Hungary in 2010 , it said .	30	31	32
" Citizens in the new member states are already familiar with the euro , " it said , noting that on average 50 percent of those countries ' citizens have used them , rising to 79 percent in Slovenia .	The EU executive welcomed the fact that the euro -- currently soaring to record levels on currency markets against the dollar -- is already widely used in the new EU countries .	NONE	7	8	9
American woman 's asonable terms with the Kremlin , unlike Yukos founder Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who has been in jail for more than a year as he faces trial on seven counts of fraud and tax evasion .	NONE	   But the November 3 ruling by the Moscow Basmanny court means Yukos can not return the shares to Sibneft , and could open the way for their appropriation if it can be proved they were acquired with illegal funds , the Russian business daily Vedomosti said .	17	20	25
Yukos has warned it may be forced to declare bankruptcy before or during an extraordinary shareholders ' meeting on December 20 .	This wiped out nearly all the gains in Yukos stock a day earlier after the company 's chairman Viktor Gerashchenko said that Khodorkovsky and the other core shareholders were ready to sell their stakes , raising investors ' hopes of a negotiated outcome .	   Sibneft downplayed the share freeze , saying that a court in the Russian far eastern region of Chukotka had ordered the return of 14.5 percent of Sibneft shares and the recovery of the other remaining 20 percent was a matter of time .	6	10	21
The US trade gap shrank unexpectedly in September as exports hit a record high , the government said Wednesday , offering hope the weakening dollar is finally mopping up red ink .	NONE	   With China alone , however , the deficit bulged to a new record .	4	6	8
The US trade gap shrank unexpectedly in September as exports hit a record high , the government said Wednesday , offering hope the weakening dollar is finally mopping up red ink .	NONE	   With China alone , however , the deficit bulged to a new record .	4	8	14
The US trade gap shrank unexpectedly in September as exports hit a record high , the government said Wednesday , offering hope the weakening dollar is finally mopping up red ink .	NONE	   With China alone , however , the deficit bulged to a new record .	17	18	19
The US trade gap shrank unexpectedly in September as exports hit a record high , the government said Wednesday , offering hope the weakening dollar is finally mopping up red ink .	NONE	   With China alone , however , the deficit bulged to a new record .	27	26	27
As the dollar retreated , the euro smashed above 1.30 dollars for the first time Wednesday .	" The report is suggesting past weakness in the US dollar is starting to improve the US trade balance , " said BMO Financial Group senior economist Sal Guatieri .	   " We could be seeing the beginning of a turnaround in the US trade deficit , " he said .	7	0	4
As the dollar retreated , the euro smashed above 1.30 dollars for the first time Wednesday .	" The report is suggesting past weakness in the US dollar is starting to improve the US trade balance , " said BMO Financial Group senior economist Sal Guatieri .	   " We could be seeing the beginning of a turnaround in the US trade deficit , " he said .	7	11	15
As the dollar retreated , the euro smashed above 1.30 dollars for the first time Wednesday .	" The report is suggesting past weakness in the US dollar is starting to improve the US trade balance , " said BMO Financial Group senior economist Sal Guatieri .	   " We could be seeing the beginning of a turnaround in the US trade deficit , " he said .	7	15	16
" It has generally been deteriorating steadily in recent years . "	" We could be seeing the beginning of a turnaround in the US trade deficit , " he said .	   Exports of goods and services rose 0.8 percent from the previous month to an unprecedented 97.5 billion dollars , helped by demand for US - made food , industrial supplies and consumer goods .	5	7	10
" Maybe what happened in September is that the better - than - expected showing by the US trade deficit offers a hint regarding how the dollar exchange rate depreciation will eventually narrow the trade deficit , " Lonski said .	Compared to a year earlier , imports were up 13.3 percent while exports had surged 17.1 percent , a " striking " performance , said Moody 's Investors Service chief US economist John Lonski .	   A lower dollar makes US - made goods and services relatively cheaper for buyers using foreign currency , and foreign - made imports relatively more expensive for US consumers .	3	4	6
" Maybe what happened in September is that the better - than - expected showing by the US trade deficit offers a hint regarding how the dollar exchange rate depreciation will eventually narrow the trade deficit , " Lonski said .	Compared to a year earlier , imports were up 13.3 percent while exports had surged 17.1 percent , a " striking " performance , said Moody 's Investors Service chief US economist John Lonski .	   A lower dollar makes US - made goods and services relatively cheaper for buyers using foreign currency , and foreign - made imports relatively more expensive for US consumers .	32	31	32
A senior Vatican cleric admitted Wednesday that Pope John Paul II 's often - stated aim of full unity between the various Christian churches was still a long way off .	NONE	   German Cardinal Walter Kasper , the head of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of Christian Unity , told journalists that enthusiasm for " full and visible " unity between Catholics and members of other Christian churches had waned .	4	5	6
A senior Vatican cleric admitted Wednesday that Pope John Paul II 's often - stated aim of full unity between the various Christian churches was still a long way off .	NONE	   German Cardinal Walter Kasper , the head of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of Christian Unity , told journalists that enthusiasm for " full and visible " unity between Catholics and members of other Christian churches had waned .	14	12	13
A senior Vatican cleric admitted Wednesday that Pope John Paul II 's often - stated aim of full unity between the various Christian churches was still a long way off .	NONE	   German Cardinal Walter Kasper , the head of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of Christian Unity , told journalists that enthusiasm for " full and visible " unity between Catholics and members of other Christian churches had waned .	24	25	26
Kasper 's sober assessment came as some 260 bishops and theological experts from around the world gathered in Rome for the first major review of ecumenical progress since the Second Vatican Council revitalised the process 40 years ago .	German Cardinal Walter Kasper , the head of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of Christian Unity , told journalists that enthusiasm for " full and visible " unity between Catholics and members of other Christian churches had waned .	   " It 's ot a form of ecclesiastic diplomacy " but a " spiritual process , a spiritual adventure " .	4	5	38
Kasper 's sober assessment came as some 260 bishops and theological experts from around the world gathered in Rome for the first major review of ecumenical progress since the Second Vatican Council revitalised the process 40 years ago .	German Cardinal Walter Kasper , the head of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of Christian Unity , told journalists that enthusiasm for " full and visible " unity between Catholics and members of other Christian churches had waned .	   " It 's ot a form of ecclesiastic diplomacy " but a " spiritual process , a spiritual adventure " .	32	35	38
" After a positive start , theological dialogue with the Orthodox churches has run into serious difficulties over the last 15 years , " said Monsignor Elueterio Fortino , under - secretary of the Council for Christian Unity .	The two communities separated in a schism in 1054 .	   He lamented the fact that a mixed commission of members of both Churches " has not met since the last plenary session in 2000 in the United States , "	13	1	5
" After a positive start , theological dialogue with the Orthodox churches has run into serious difficulties over the last 15 years , " said Monsignor Elueterio Fortino , under - secretary of the Council for Christian Unity .	The two communities separated in a schism in 1054 .	   He lamented the fact that a mixed commission of members of both Churches " has not met since the last plenary session in 2000 in the United States , "	13	17	22
The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain on Wednesday , with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail .	NONE	   The differences were limited , and all had been raised previously with US officials , but it remains nonetheless embarrassing for Washington to be lined up alongside repressive nations such as North Korea and Zimbabwe in the report .	3	13	15
Four Britons remain among hundreds of non - US nationals held without trial at the base for periods of up to three years , and could face military tribunals for alleged involvement in global terrorism .	" The UK position has been that British detainees should either be tried fairly in accordance with international standards or returned to the UK , " it said .	   London had " concluded that the proposed military commissions would not provide sufficient guarantees of a fair trial according to international standards " , the report added .	10	16	23
Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , has for two years been in the throes of a civil war , sparked by a bid in September 2002 by rebels to oust Gbagbo .	Also heavily criticised was Uzbekistan , despite the decision by London last month to suspend Britain 's ambassador to the Central Asian state , Craig Murray , according to Murray because his criticism there is Guillaume Soro , a leader of the New Forces rebel group , and ex - president Henri Konan Bedie of the former ruling party and now opposition Democratic Party of Ivory Coast .	   The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	14	11	14
The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , has for two years been in the throes of a civil war , sparked by a bid in September 2002 by rebels to oust Gbagbo .	The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .	2	3	4
The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , has for two years been in the throes of a civil war , sparked by a bid in September 2002 by rebels to oust Gbagbo .	The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .	2	4	6
The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , has for two years been in the throes of a civil war , sparked by a bid in September 2002 by rebels to oust Gbagbo .	The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .	2	6	17
The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , has for two years been in the throes of a civil war , sparked by a bid in September 2002 by rebels to oust Gbagbo .	The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .	9	4	6
The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .	The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	   The French hit back and destroyed most of the Ivorian air force , provoking anti - French riots in the main city Abidjan .	7	4	6
The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .	The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .	   The French hit back and destroyed most of the Ivorian air force , provoking anti - French riots in the main city Abidjan .	15	4	6
Gbagbo supporters clashed with French troops in Abidjan on Tuesday , leaving seven dead and taking the death toll from the week of unrest to 145 , according to a toll compiled by AFP .	The French hit back and destroyed most of the Ivorian air force , provoking anti - French riots in the main city Abidjan .	   Mbeki first became involved in the Ivory Coast conflict as president of the AU in 2002 when armed rebels staged a coup attempt .	2	8	10
A peace deal was signed in Marcoussis , France in January 2003 to bring the rebel leaders into a unity government , and a ceasefire was reached in May that year .	France hosted peace talks in early 2003 in an attempt to find a settlement to the civil war , involving seven Ivory Coast political parties , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan and Mbeki .	   French soldiers and UN peacekeepers have been monitoring the ceasefire and patrolling a buffer zone .	4	9	12
A peace deal was signed in Marcoussis , France in January 2003 to bring the rebel leaders into a unity government , and a ceasefire was reached in May that year .	France hosted peace talks in early 2003 in an attempt to find a settlement to the civil war , involving seven Ivory Coast political parties , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan and Mbeki .	   French soldiers and UN peacekeepers have been monitoring the ceasefire and patrolling a buffer zone .	26	27	31
South African Foreign Minister Nkosazana Dlamini - Zuma said on Wednesday more west African troops should be deployed to Ivory Coast to dilute the strong French military presence there .	French soldiers and UN peacekeepers have been monitoring the ceasefire and patrolling a buffer zone .	   " The ECOWAS force should be strengthened to gradually reduce the influence of French troops there , " she told a parliament committee in Cape Town .	8	9	11
Mbeki will next Wednesday meet with Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende , whose country holds the rotating presidency of the European Union , to discuss the Ivory Coast crisis .	" There is bad blood between the ( Ivory Coast ) government and the French troops ... If their people and troops are not pulling together , it becomes difficult , " Dlamini - Zuma said .	NONE	4	2	4
A police siege of a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists have been holed up since early Wednesday has ended with two people " possibly " arrested , the ANP news agency reported .	NONE	   Police refused to comment on the report .	14	16	19
Tunisian president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali carried out a far - reaching government reshuffle Wednesday , little more than two months after winning a fourth five - year term .	NONE	   Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi kept his job , but most other members of his cabinet were either shifted or replaced .	7	15	16
Tunisian president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali carried out a far - reaching government reshuffle Wednesday , little more than two months after winning a fourth five - year term .	NONE	   Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi kept his job , but most other members of his cabinet were either shifted or replaced .	7	17	30
Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results released Wednesday .	NONE	   In a psychologically boosting upset , Yushchenko won 39.87 percent of the vote against Viktor Yanukovich 's 39.32 percent , the central election commission announced .	27	28	31
Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results released Wednesday .	NONE	   In a psychologically boosting upset , Yushchenko won 39.87 percent of the vote against Viktor Yanukovich 's 39.32 percent , the central election commission announced .	40	41	42
Yanukovich , 54 , who is also the acting prime minister , is the anointed successor of outgoing President Leonid Kuchma , who guided Ukraine over the past decade closer to Russia .	" I have decided not to take account of my emotions and to take part in debates , " he said .	   But Yushchenko , 50 , has the support of Western - leaning and nationalist voters who take a dim view of Ukraine 's Soviet - era links to Moscow and support membership in the European Union and even the US - led NATO military alliance .	23	25	29
Yushchenko 's team at one stage threatened to contest the results of the first round vote , held on October 31 , since early figures showed Yanukovich leading by a wide margin .	But Yushchenko , 50 , has the support of Western - leaning and nationalist voters who take a dim view of Ukraine 's Soviet - era links to Moscow and support membership in the European Union and even the US - led NATO military alliance .	   The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .	6	3	6
Yushchenko 's team at one stage threatened to contest the results of the first round vote , held on October 31 , since early figures showed Yanukovich leading by a wide margin .	But Yushchenko , 50 , has the support of Western - leaning and nationalist voters who take a dim view of Ukraine 's Soviet - era links to Moscow and support membership in the European Union and even the US - led NATO military alliance .	   The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .	6	22	32
Yushchenko 's team at one stage threatened to contest the results of the first round vote , held on October 31 , since early figures showed Yanukovich leading by a wide margin .	But Yushchenko , 50 , has the support of Western - leaning and nationalist voters who take a dim view of Ukraine 's Soviet - era links to Moscow and support membership in the European Union and even the US - led NATO military alliance .	   The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .	8	22	24
Yushchenko 's team at one stage threatened to contest the results of the first round vote , held on October 31 , since early figures showed Yanukovich leading by a wide margin .	But Yushchenko , 50 , has the support of Western - leaning and nationalist voters who take a dim view of Ukraine 's Soviet - era links to Moscow and support membership in the European Union and even the US - led NATO military alliance .	   The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .	17	18	21
The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .	Yushchenko 's team at one stage threatened to contest the results of the first round vote , held on October 31 , since early figures showed Yanukovich leading by a wide margin .	   Yanukovich was also officially supported by Russian President Vladimir Putin , who spent three days in Kiev in various public appearances with Yanukovich on the eve of the vote .	37	39	44
Yanukovich was also officially supported by Russian President Vladimir Putin , who spent three days in Kiev in various public appearances with Yanukovich on the eve of the vote .	The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .	   And mystery still hangs over Yushchenko 's bizarre poisoning , which threatened to sideline him from the campaign and that his team claimed may have been orchestrated by state officials .	12	23	29
And mystery still hangs over Yushchenko 's bizarre poisoning , which threatened to sideline him from the campaign and that his team claimed may have been orchestrated by state officials .	Yanukovich was also officially supported by Russian President Vladimir Putin , who spent three days in Kiev in various public appearances with Yanukovich on the eve of the vote .	   It paralyzed a part of Yushchenko 's face for several weeks , leaving it severely scarred .	3	2	3
It paralyzed a part of Yushchenko 's face for several weeks , leaving it severely scarred .	And mystery still hangs over Yushchenko 's bizarre poisoning , which threatened to sideline him from the campaign and that his team claimed may have been orchestrated by state officials .	He was sent for recovery to hospital in Austria , where tests on whether he was intentionally poisoned proved inconclusive .	1	8	11
Macedonian political parties from all sides met Wednesday to sign a joint statement reaffiming their commitment to peace and EU integration , officials said .	NONE	   The declaration signed by all the major political parties in the former Yugoslav republic also expressed " commitment to good neighbourly relations with Greece " amid a row with Athens over Macedonia 's constitutional name .	6	7	8
The referendum was called by the opposition to overturn the decentralisation laws but it failed due to insufficient turnout after the government and the EU urged people to boycott .	The declaration was a public display of unity following a divisive referendum on Sunday over controversial EU - backed laws designed to give more autonomy to the restive ethnic Albanian minority .	   The statement also comes after Washington recognised Macedonia by its constitutional name , the Republic of Macedonia , infuriating Greece .	14	19	29
The statement also comes after Washington recognised Macedonia by its constitutional name , the Republic of Macedonia , infuriating Greece .	The referendum was called by the opposition to overturn the decentralisation laws but it failed due to insufficient turnout after the government and the EU urged people to boycott .	   Greece maintains that use of " Macedonia " by its northern neighbor implies a territorial claim on the northern Greek province of the same name -- the birthplace of Alexander the Great .	3	4	20
The declaration signed Wednesday sought Greece 's " support " for Macedonia " as a promoter of Euro - Atlantic integration in the region " .	Athens has threatened to block Macedonia 's integration with the EU and NATO if it insists on being internationally recognized as the Republic of Macedonia .	NONE	2	3	4
A police siege of a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists have been holed up since early Wednesday has ended with two people " possibly " arrested , the ANP news agency reported .	NONE	   Police refused to comment on the report .	14	16	19
A witness told NOS earlier she heard shots Wednesday afternoon near the building and saw police leave with two people in custody .	NOS Dutch public television also reported that police sent remote - controled devices into the apartment to check for explosives .	   " I heard shots .	2	4	5
A witness told NOS earlier she heard shots Wednesday afternoon near the building and saw police leave with two people in custody .	NOS Dutch public television also reported that police sent remote - controled devices into the apartment to check for explosives .	   " I heard shots .	6	8	10
Dutch police early Wednesday had mounted a major anti - terror raid against the suspects holed up in the apartment , who retaliated by hurling a grenade that wounded three policemen .	One was helped into an ambulance , he must have been hurt , " she said .	   Authorities had closed down air space over the city and evacuated people living in five streets near the targeted apartment and cordoned off the area .	5	2	4
The grand mufti of Jerusalem , Sheikh Ekrima Sabri , said Arafat had to die naturally , telling reporters : " Even if it takes days , weeks or months , it does n't matter .	Earlier reports that his death could be announced during the day were swept aside by a barrage of statements from Palestinian officials at Arafat 's side in a French hospital , sayig as there is warmth and life in his body , we can not switch off the equipment , " Tamimi said .	It 's not a political question . "	24	27	29
Top Palestinian officials agreed after an urgent meeting that parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh would serve as acting head of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Arafat 's death , in accordance with the basic Palestinian law .	But at Arafat 's battered Muqataa headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah , senior Palestinian officials paved the way for his succession and finalized plans with Israel and Egypt for a Cairo funeral and Ramallah burial .	   He would likely serve as a caretaker administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .	3	4	8
Top Palestinian officials agreed after an urgent meeting that parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh would serve as acting head of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Arafat 's death , in accordance with the basic Palestinian law .	But at Arafat 's battered Muqataa headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah , senior Palestinian officials paved the way for his succession and finalized plans with Israel and Egypt for a Cairo funeral and Ramallah burial .	   He would likely serve as a caretaker administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .	14	22	29
He would likely serve as a caretaker administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .	Top Palestinian officials agreed after an urgent meeting that parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh would serve as acting head of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Arafat 's death , in accordance with the basic Palestinian law .	   The Palestinian Authority also accepted an offer from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to hold an official funeral ceremony for nd slipped into a coma a week ago .	3	8	19
He would likely serve as a caretaker administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .	Top Palestinian officials agreed after an urgent meeting that parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh would serve as acting head of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Arafat 's death , in accordance with the basic Palestinian law .	   The Palestinian Authority also accepted an offer from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to hold an official funeral ceremony for nd slipped into a coma a week ago .	18	9	11
The Palestinian Authority also accepted an offer from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to hold an official funeral ceremony for nd slipped into a coma a week ago .	He would likely serve as a caretaker administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .	His condition deteriorated further late Monday , according to his French doctors .	20	24	27
His condition deteriorated further late Monday , according to his French doctors .	The Palestinian Authority also accepted an offer from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to hold an official funeral ceremony for nd slipped into a coma a week ago .	NONE	2	4	6
The lawyer for the man who stabbed Swedish foreign minister Anna Lindh to death last year asked the Supreme Court Wednesday to quash an earlier murder verdict and convict his client of manslaughter instead .	NONE	   " We ask that the Supreme Court not hold him responsible for murder .	6	14	16
The lawyer for the man who stabbed Swedish foreign minister Anna Lindh to death last year asked the Supreme Court Wednesday to quash an earlier murder verdict and convict his client of manslaughter instead .	NONE	   " We ask that the Supreme Court not hold him responsible for murder .	16	20	21
If the Supreme Court should find that he had intent to kill ... we believe Mijailo Mijailovic should be sentenced for manslaughter , " lawyer Mikael Nilsson told Sweden 's highest court on the first day of an appeal hearing .	" We ask that the Supreme Court not hold him responsible for murder .	   The court must decide once and for all whether Mijailovic , a 25-year - old man with a history of mental illness , should be sentenced to life imprisonment or ordered to undergo psychiatric care .	27	32	40
The court must decide once and for all whether Mijailovic , a 25-year - old man with a history of mental illness , should be sentenced to life imprisonment or ordered to undergo psychiatric care .	If the Supreme Court should find that he had intent to kill ... we believe Mijailo Mijailovic should be sentenced for manslaughter , " lawyer Mikael Nilsson told Sweden 's highest court on the first day of an appeal hearing .	   He was convicted of murder by two lower courts .	3	4	8
Lindh died on September 11 last year , a day after Mijailovic knifed her repeatedly in the stomach , chest and arms while she was shopping at a Stockholm store without a bodyguard .	He was convicted of murder by two lower courts .	   Mijailovic has admitted killing Lindh , but has argued that he was so mentally ill at the time that he had not realized his actions would be fatal .	1	2	5
Lindh died on September 11 last year , a day after Mijailovic knifed her repeatedly in the stomach , chest and arms while she was shopping at a Stockholm store without a bodyguard .	He was convicted of murder by two lower courts .	   Mijailovic has admitted killing Lindh , but has argued that he was so mentally ill at the time that he had not realized his actions would be fatal .	1	5	7
Lindh died on September 11 last year , a day after Mijailovic knifed her repeatedly in the stomach , chest and arms while she was shopping at a Stockholm store without a bodyguard .	He was convicted of murder by two lower courts .	   Mijailovic has admitted killing Lindh , but has argued that he was so mentally ill at the time that he had not realized his actions would be fatal .	1	8	33
Lindh died on September 11 last year , a day after Mijailovic knifed her repeatedly in the stomach , chest and arms while she was shopping at a Stockholm store without a bodyguard .	He was convicted of murder by two lower courts .	   Mijailovic has admitted killing Lindh , but has argued that he was so mentally ill at the time that he had not realized his actions would be fatal .	12	22	33
A district court sentenced Mijailovic to life in prison , but an appeals court later ordered him intoh the two previous trials , to explain himself .	It could have been anyone , " Nilsson said , reiterating his client 's claim that " voices in his head " told him to attack her .	   " I understand that you 're not feeling well .	15	14	15
" Mijailo Mijailovic does not have the energy to answer questions , he is in a poor psychological state today , " Nilsson said .	Ca n't you please try to answer questions , " Kerstin Wennersten said .	   After the trial closed for the day early Wednesday afternoon Nilsson insisted that his client was not completely insensitive to the suffering of Lindh 's family , pointing out to reporters that Mijailovic had already agreed to the 100,000 kronor ( 14,000 dollars , 11,000 euros ) in damages he had been ordered by the appeals court to pay each of her two sons and her husband .	13	19	20
The court was expected to hear closing statements Thursday .	" He realizes the ( extent ) of this tragedy , and he is therefore willing to pay the damages , " he said .	   If he is sentenced to prison , Mijailovic , who renounced his Swedish citizenship in September , is hoping to serve hislicymakers have increased the rate .	5	8	9
If he is sentenced to prison , Mijailovic , who renounced his Swedish citizenship in September , is hoping to serve hislicymakers have increased the rate .	The court was expected to hear closing statements Thursday .	   Greenspan seems determined to steadily withdraw the easy - money stimulus , injected as the economy took a series of blows from the September 11 , 2001 attacks to a deflationary menace and an oil shock .	10	14	16
Greenspan seems determined to steadily withdraw the easy - money stimulus , injected as the economy took a series of blows from the September 11 , 2001 attacks to a deflationary menace and an oil shock .	If he is sentenced to prison , Mijailovic , who renounced his Swedish citizenship in September , is hoping to serve hislicymakers have increased the rate .	   Until June this year , the federal funds rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , had been at a 1958 low of 1.0 percent .	12	13	36
Until June this year , the federal funds rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , had been at a 1958 low of 1.0 percent .	Greenspan seems determined to steadily withdraw the easy - money stimulus , injected as the economy took a series of blows from the September 11 , 2001 attacks to a deflationary menace and an oil shock .	   An unclear result from the November 2 vote or weak October employment figures might have prevented the Federal Reserve from tightening , said Merrill Lynch senior economist Kathleen Bostjancic .	13	16	17
Until June this year , the federal funds rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , had been at a 1958 low of 1.0 percent .	Greenspan seems determined to steadily withdraw the easy - money stimulus , injected as the economy took a series of blows from the September 11 , 2001 attacks to a deflationary menace and an oil shock .	   An unclear result from the November 2 vote or weak October employment figures might have prevented the Federal Reserve from tightening , said Merrill Lynch senior economist Kathleen Bostjancic .	19	0	4
The International Monetary Fund said Wednesday it had cut its economic growth forecast for Italy to 1.7 percent from 1.9 percent because of higher oil prices and the euro 's appreciation against the dollar .	NONE	   In a news conference , Carlo Cottarelli , head of the IMF delegation in Italy , said the 1.4 percent growth forecast for Italian gross domestic product for this year remained unchanged .	4	5	6
Cottarelli said the government had to consider an extra five to six billion euros in spending cuts to reach its target of a public deficit of 2.7 percent of GDP next year .	In a news conference , Carlo Cottarelli , head of the IMF delegation in Italy , said the 1.4 percent growth forecast for Italian gross domestic product for this year remained unchanged .	   Italy has pledged to reduce its public deficit next year to below the 3.0 percent of GDP limit set by the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact .	18	30	32
Italy has pledged to reduce its public deficit next year to below the 3.0 percent of GDP limit set by the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact .	Cottarelli said the government had to consider an extra five to six billion euros in spending cuts to reach its target of a public deficit of 2.7 percent of GDP next year .	   The government has forecast a public deficit of 2.9 percent of GDP for 2004 .	4	8	10
US - led troops occupied most of Fallujah Wednesday and aimed to take full control within 48 hours , as kidnappers threatened to kill members of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's extended family unless the assault was stopped .	NONE	   As the military noose tightened around more than two - thirds of the city , seen as the epicentre of Iraq 's insurgency , Iraqi troops found homes inside Fallujah where foreign hostages had been held and in some cases slaughtered .	4	8	9
US - led troops occupied most of Fallujah Wednesday and aimed to take full control within 48 hours , as kidnappers threatened to kill members of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's extended family unless the assault was stopped .	NONE	   As the military noose tightened around more than two - thirds of the city , seen as the epicentre of Iraq 's insurgency , Iraqi troops found homes inside Fallujah where foreign hostages had been held and in some cases slaughtered .	10	19	39
US - led troops occupied most of Fallujah Wednesday and aimed to take full control within 48 hours , as kidnappers threatened to kill members of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's extended family unless the assault was stopped .	NONE	   As the military noose tightened around more than two - thirds of the city , seen as the epicentre of Iraq 's insurgency , Iraqi troops found homes inside Fallujah where foreign hostages had been held and in some cases slaughtered .	12	15	18
With US marines backed by Iraqi troops moving from building to building in Fallujah to free the dusty , devastated city of insurgents , a US officer said they expected to take command of the rebel bastion before the weekend .	Violence also raged elsewhere , with six Iraqi guards and a US soldier killed in a string of roadside bombings .	   " If everything goes as planned we will take full control of the city in the next 48 hours , " the officer said , on condition of anonymity .	31	37	40
" If everything goes as planned we will take full control of the city in the next 48 hours , " the officer said , on condition of anonymity .	With US marines backed by Iraqi troops moving from building to building in Fallujah to free the dusty , devastated city of insurgents , a US officer said they expected to take command of the rebel bastion before the weekend .	   The officer said the troops would still need up to a week to make the northeast corner of Fallujah safe " and at least 10 days to clear the city " .	8	14	19
The officer said the troops would still need up to a week to make the northeast corner of Fallujah safe " and at least 10 days to clear the city " .	" If everything goes as planned we will take full control of the city in the next 48 hours , " the officer said , on condition of anonymity .	   " For now we are clearing pockets of resistance . "	7	6	7
The officer said the troops would still need up to a week to make the northeast corner of Fallujah safe " and at least 10 days to clear the city " .	" If everything goes as planned we will take full control of the city in the next 48 hours , " the officer said , on condition of anonymity .	   " For now we are clearing pockets of resistance . "	27	22	26
Acting on the orders of Allawi after weeks of heavy US aerial and artillery bombardment , thousands of marines and Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah late Monday in an assault dubbed Operation Dawn .	When pressed , he was unable to provide further details .	   Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .	0	6	15
Acting on the orders of Allawi after weeks of heavy US aerial and artillery bombardment , thousands of marines and Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah late Monday in an assault dubbed Operation Dawn .	When pressed , he was unable to provide further details .	   Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .	22	24	26
Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .	Acting on the orders of Allawi after weeks of heavy US aerial and artillery bombardment , thousands of marines and Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah late Monday in an assault dubbed Operation Dawn .	   But the tough - talking premier 's family became caught up in the mayhem when a gang in three cars abducted his cousin , Ghazi Allawi , his wife and their daughter - ine Casey told him : " things are going well in Fallujah , and they are making very good progress of securing that country . "	4	7	13
But the tough - talking premier 's own family became caught up in the mayhem after a gang in three cars abducted his cousin , Ghazi Allawi , and the latter 's daughter overnight , a source from Allawi 's political party said .	Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .	   It was unclear whether the wife of his cousin , a businessman not involved in politics , had also been kidnapped .	9	15	34
But the tough - talking premier 's own family became caught up in the mayhem after a gang in three cars abducted his cousin , Ghazi Allawi , and the latter 's daughter overnight , a source from Allawi 's political party said .	Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .	   It was unclear whether the wife of his cousin , a businessman not involved in politics , had also been kidnapped .	10	15	34
But the tough - talking premier 's own family became caught up in the mayhem after a gang in three cars abducted his cousin , Ghazi Allawi , and the latter 's daughter overnight , a source from Allawi 's political party said .	Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .	   It was unclear whether the wife of his cousin , a businessman not involved in politics , had also been kidnapped .	21	33	34
But a previously unknown group threatened to kill three Allawi family members within 48 hours unless he halts the attack and releases all Iraqi prisoners , in an Internet statement impossible to authenticate .	It was unclear whether the wife of his cousin , a businessman not involved in politics , had also been kidnapped .	   They were taken from a house in southern Baghdad .	7	12	15
British Prime Minister Tony Blair , whose troops took part in the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 to oust former president Saddam Hussein , urged the US - led forces to stand firm .	No civilian casualty figures have been made available .	   " The real desire of these terrorists is to stop the elections because they know that if there are elections in Iraq , as there have been in Afghanistan , then that is a huge blow to them as terrorists , " he told parliament in London .	8	15	18
The Bosnian Serb government accepted last month an internal report by a special investigative commission acknowledging that almost 8,000 Muslims were killed in the massacre , in the final stages of Bosnia 's 1992 - 95 war .	" The government of Republika Srpska sympathizes with the pain of relatives of the Srebrenica victims and expresses sincere regrets and apologies over the tragedy which has happened to them , " a government statement said .	   The report marked the first time Bosnian Serb authorities have admitted the scale of the massacre in the eastern , UN - protected enclave .	4	5	7
The Bosnian Serb government accepted last month an internal report by a special investigative commission acknowledging that almost 8,000 Muslims were killed in the massacre , in the final stages of Bosnia 's 1992 - 95 war .	" The government of Republika Srpska sympathizes with the pain of relatives of the Srebrenica victims and expresses sincere regrets and apologies over the tragedy which has happened to them , " a government statement said .	   The report marked the first time Bosnian Serb authorities have admitted the scale of the massacre in the eastern , UN - protected enclave .	21	26	37
Although the war ended nine years ago the two still remain at large , hiding somewhere in the former Yugoslavia where they are still regarded as heroes by their hardline supporters .	Serb authorities had previously downplayed the slaughter -- classed as an act of genocide by the UN war crimes tribunal at The Hague -- but the rcre .	   The Republika Srpska is the only territory of the former Yugoslavia that has yet to arrest a single war crimes suspect despite relentless international pressure and sanctions .	3	4	7
Although the war ended nine years ago the two still remain at large , hiding somewhere in the former Yugoslavia where they are still regarded as heroes by their hardline supporters .	Serb authorities had previously downplayed the slaughter -- classed as an act of genocide by the UN war crimes tribunal at The Hague -- but the rcre .	   The Republika Srpska is the only territory of the former Yugoslavia that has yet to arrest a single war crimes suspect despite relentless international pressure and sanctions .	10	9	10
Although the war ended nine years ago the two still remain at large , hiding somewhere in the former Yugoslavia where they are still regarded as heroes by their hardline supporters .	Serb authorities had previously downplayed the slaughter -- classed as an act of genocide by the UN war crimes tribunal at The Hague -- but the rcre .	   The Republika Srpska is the only territory of the former Yugoslavia that has yet to arrest a single war crimes suspect despite relentless international pressure and sanctions .	24	23	24
Bernard Fassier , a senior deputy of the top international enovy to Bosnia , Paddy Ashdown , said Monday that the Serbs ' acknowledgement of the scale of the massacre represented a " dramatic u - turn from ... denial , obfuscation and concealment " .	Survivors of the massacre as well as the international community have welcomed the report while continuing to demand action to arrest those responsible .	   The head of the association of Srebrenica mothers , Munira Subasic , said the report was an " important step towards justice " but warned it would be meaningless without the arrest of the culprits .	17	18	19
Several Bosnian Serbs have been convicted by the UN war crimes court for their roles in the atrocity , including general Radislav Krstic who was sentenced in 2001 to 46 years for genocide .	" Unless they start arresting the perpetrators including Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic the report will have no value for us , " said Subasic , who lost her son , husband and over 20 family members in the massacre .	   Bosnia 's war claimed some 200,000 lives and forced more than two million people , over half the country 's population , to flee their homes .	25	26	28
Representing liberal forces , the smaller parties lost all but a handful of seats in last December 's elections , and have been trying to face down laws that limit Duma membership .	" Once we had a Communist state , but millions of communists were unable to save the country ( the Soviet Union ) from falling apart , " said Gudkov , who added that like the rest of United Russia , he voted in support of the measure .	   Under mounting criticism for his increasingly authoritarian rule , Putin said Wednesday he would take another look at separate legislation that eliminates Russiust over 5,000 soldiers -- quoting research in Russian hospitals that they say put the toll three times higher .	7	14	19
Hundreds of artefacts dating as far back as 2,500 BC have been discovered near the Greek town of Thebes , officials said here Wednesday .	NONE	   Archeologists discovered ceramics as well as two tombs and building foundations from the Mycenaic era around 1,500 BC , the period when the legendary war of Troy is believed to have happened .	3	4	10
Hundreds of artefacts dating as far back as 2,500 BC have been discovered near the Greek town of Thebes , officials said here Wednesday .	NONE	   Archeologists discovered ceramics as well as two tombs and building foundations from the Mycenaic era around 1,500 BC , the period when the legendary war of Troy is believed to have happened .	21	23	24
Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa on Wednesday stressed the need to uphold the principle of land for peace for a Mideast peace settlement and urged Washington to act as " honest broker " to move the stalled process forward .	NONE	   With the re - election of US President George W. Bush , Moussa expressed the hope that the US leader would now honour an existing commitment to establishing a sovereign Palestinian state by the end of 2005 .	8	6	8
Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa on Wednesday stressed the need to uphold the principle of land for peace for a Mideast peace settlement and urged Washington to act as " honest broker " to move the stalled process forward .	NONE	   With the re - election of US President George W. Bush , Moussa expressed the hope that the US leader would now honour an existing commitment to establishing a sovereign Palestinian state by the end of 2005 .	25	6	8
" We are full of hope that this would be the flagship of the American administration to be implemented not later that the end of next year as promised , " Moussa said .	With the re - election of US President George W. Bush , Moussa expressed the hope that the US leader would now honour an existing commitment to establishing a sovereign Palestinian state by the end of 2005 .	   " I would urge that a balanced policy be adopted by the ( US ) administration in building up peace between the two parties ( Israel and the Palestinians ) .	18	19	29
Netherlands - attacks - siege THE HAGUE : A police siege of a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists have been holed up since early Wednesday has ended with two people " possibly " arrested , ANP news agency rerported .	Mideast - Arafat - France   CLAMART , France : Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained close to death as a senior Islamic cleric visited his bedside and an aide declared him to be " in the hands of God . "	  Britain - US - rights - report   LONDON : The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain on Wednesday , with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail .	22	24	27
Britain - US - rights - report LONDON : The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain on Wednesday , with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail .	Netherlands - attacks - siege   THE HAGUE : A police siege of a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists have been holed up since early Wednesday has ended with two people " possibly " arrested , ANP news agency rerported .	  Russia - politics   MOSCOW : Russia 's lower house of parliament gave initial approval Wednesday to a law making it far harder for small parties to make it into the chamber in a measure easily carried by the pro - Kremlin dominated chamber .	12	22	24
Russia - politics MOSCOW : Russia 's lower house of parliament gave initial approval Wednesday to a law making it far harder for small parties to make it into the chamber in a measure easily carried by the pro - Kremlin dominated chamber .	Britain - US - rights - report   LONDON : The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain on Wednesday , with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail .	  Russia - oil - company - legal - Sibneft - Yukos   MOSCOW : The battered Russian oil giant Yukos said a Moscow court had frozen its 34.5 percent stake in rival Sibneft , halting a reversal of their merger that would provide cash for Yukos to settle massive tax bills .	11	14	15
Ukraine - vote KIEV : Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results .	Russia - oil - company - legal - Sibneft - Yukos   MOSCOW : The battered Russian oil giant Yukos said a Moscow court had frozen its 34.5 percent stake in rival Sibneft , halting a reversal of their merger that would provide cash for Yukos to settle massive tax bills .	  Poland - Germany - history - Nazis   WARSAW : A report by German and Polish experts said there was no legal basis for calls for compensation from ethnic Germans who lost property when Poland 's borders were shifted westwards after World War II .	32	33	36
Poland - Germany - history - Nazis WARSAW : A report by German and Polish experts said there was no legal basis for calls for compensation from ethnic Germans who lost property when Poland 's borders were shifted westwards after World War II .	Ukraine - vote   KIEV : Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results .	  Bulgaria - communism - anniversary - demo   SOFIA : On the 15th anniversary of the fall of communism in Bulgaria more than 15,000 people demonstrated in the capital Sofia to call for the centre - right government to resign because of persistent poverty in the country .	30	32	43
Poland - Germany - history - Nazis WARSAW : A report by German and Polish experts said there was no legal basis for calls for compensation from ethnic Germans who lost property when Poland 's borders were shifted westwards after World War II .	Ukraine - vote   KIEV : Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results .	  Bulgaria - communism - anniversary - demo   SOFIA : On the 15th anniversary of the fall of communism in Bulgaria more than 15,000 people demonstrated in the capital Sofia to call for the centre - right government to resign because of persistent poverty in the country .	37	32	33
Poland - Germany - history - Nazis WARSAW : A report by German and Polish experts said there was no legal basis for calls for compensation from ethnic Germans who lost property when Poland 's borders were shifted westwards after World War II .	Ukraine - vote   KIEV : Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results .	  Bulgaria - communism - anniversary - demo   SOFIA : On the 15th anniversary of the fall of communism in Bulgaria more than 15,000 people demonstrated in the capital Sofia to call for the centre - right government to resign because of persistent poverty in the country .	37	39	43
Bulgaria - communism - anniversary - demo SOFIA : On the 15th anniversary of the fall of communism in Bulgaria more than 15,000 people demonstrated in the capital Sofia to call for the centre - right government to resign because of persistent poverty in the country .	Poland - Germany - history - Nazis   WARSAW : A report by German and Polish experts said there was no legal basis for calls for compensation from ethnic Germans who lost property when Poland 's borders were shifted westwards after World War II .	  Turkey - torture - justice   ANKARA : Turkey 's top appeals court upheld a jail sentence of four years and two months for a policeman convicted of involvement in torturing to death a labor unionist , a ruliver , with his death now seen as inevitable , preparations were underway in the Middle East for his funeral , and some members of his entourage who had arrived with him 12 days ago left Paris for Cairo .	24	9	20
" Like yesterday he is in a deep coma with complications in the condition of all his vital organs , so he is in a very critical state .	On Tuesday a series of contradictory claims about his death concluded with foreign minister Nabil Shaath affirming that Arafat was still alive though on life - support equipment , and earlier Wednesday , the Palestinian representative in France , Leila Shahid , said there had been no change .	The reality is that he is in the hands of God , " she said .	4	2	3
Estonia joined NATO in March of this year and became a member of the EU in May. " I could not foresee there would be burglars in my house , " Hanson said .	There has been no official word on what the documents were about , but press reports say they included a detailed review of the weaponry of an army unit as well as papers about a possible weapons purchase from a Scandinavian country .	  He went on : " As a rule , I do n't take work - related information home , but my tight schedule lately unfortunately did not allow me to abide by this rule .	1	3	8
Estonia joined NATO in March of this year and became a member of the EU in May. " I could not foresee there would be burglars in my house , " Hanson said .	There has been no official word on what the documents were about , but press reports say they included a detailed review of the weaponry of an army unit as well as papers about a possible weapons purchase from a Scandinavian country .	  He went on : " As a rule , I do n't take work - related information home , but my tight schedule lately unfortunately did not allow me to abide by this rule .	9	15	17
Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnel said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .	14	15	17
Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnel said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .	22	23	25
The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .	Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	   " Too many people smoke , and too many people die or fall ill from cancer , stroke and heart disease , " McConnell said . "	28	29	32
A 56-year - old US woman gave birth to twins Tuesday in New York , becoming one of the oldest new mothers in the United States .	NONE	   " I feel terrific , " Aleta Saint - James glowed at a news conference Wednesday at Mount Sinai hospital .	6	10	11
" I feel terrific , " Aleta Saint - James glowed at a news conference Wednesday at Mount Sinai hospital .	A 56-year - old US woman gave birth to twins Tuesday in New York , becoming one of the oldest new mothers in the United States .	   " I was in a good physical condition and my mental energy is very balanced .	10	15	16
Saint - James will celebrate her 57th birthday on Friday .	I see myself being young and vital into my 70s and my 80s , " she said , with her first children , a boy , Gian , and a girl , Francesca , in her arms .	   In 1996 , a 63-year - old California woman also stunned the country by giving birth .	4	8	10
In December 1988 a 57-year - old US woman also stunned the country by giving birth .	Saint - James will celebrate her 57th birthday on Friday .	NONE	10	0	3
European stock markets edged higher on Wednesday , with the London FTSE 100 index gaining 0.36 percent to finish at 4,734.5 points .	NONE	   In Frankfurt , the DAX rose 0.59 percent to 4,089.13 points , while in Paris the CAC 40 climbed 0.40 percent to 3,784.91 .	3	5	7
Insurgents are moving blindly through Fallujah , unable to communicate with each other as US - led forces pursue them , the force 's commander said Wednesday .	NONE	   Marine Lieutenant General John Sattler said US and Iraqi forces were intercepting and killing insurgents as they attempted to move from one zone of the city to another .	9	13	20
Insurgents are moving blindly through Fallujah , unable to communicate with each other as US - led forces pursue them , the force 's commander said Wednesday .	NONE	   Marine Lieutenant General John Sattler said US and Iraqi forces were intercepting and killing insurgents as they attempted to move from one zone of the city to another .	25	26	27
Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .	14	15	17
Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .	22	23	25
The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .	Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	   " Too many people smoke , and too many people die or fall ill from cancer , stroke and heart disease , " McConnell said . "	28	29	32
US stocks traded mixed Wednesday as markets awaited a Federal Reserve decision on interest rates and a statement from the central bank expected to offer clues on future rate decisions .	NONE	   The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 30.38 points ( 0.29 percent ) to 10,416.75 and the Nasdaq composite fell 5.73 points ( 0.28 percent ) to 2,037.60 at 1648 GMT .	2	4	5
US stocks traded mixed Wednesday as markets awaited a Federal Reserve decision on interest rates and a statement from the central bank expected to offer clues on future rate decisions .	NONE	   The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 30.38 points ( 0.29 percent ) to 10,416.75 and the Nasdaq composite fell 5.73 points ( 0.28 percent ) to 2,037.60 at 1648 GMT .	2	5	30
The economic news was generally positive : The Labor Department reported jobless claims rose a less than expected 2,000 to 333,000 last week .	The broad - market Standard and Poor 's 500 index crept higher by 1.46 points ( 0.13 percent ) to 1,165.54 .	The Commerce Department , meanwhile , reported that the US trade deficit shrank by 3.7 percent to 51.6 billion dollars in September , as exports increased 0.8 percent to a record 97.5 billion dollars .	13	21	23
The Commerce Department , meanwhile , reported that the US trade deficit shrank by 3.7 percent to 51.6 billion dollars in September , as exports increased 0.8 percent to a record 97.5 billion dollars .	Markets had churned in a narrow range for most of the day after early economic news was generally positive :    The Labor Department reported jobless claims rose a less than expected 2,000 to 333,000 last week .	   European stock markets pushed as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of the Fed decision , which came too late for those markets .	6	4	5
The Commerce Department , meanwhile , reported that the US trade deficit shrank by 3.7 percent to 51.6 billion dollars in September , as exports increased 0.8 percent to a record 97.5 billion dollars .	Markets had churned in a narrow range for most of the day after early economic news was generally positive :    The Labor Department reported jobless claims rose a less than expected 2,000 to 333,000 last week .	   European stock markets pushed as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of the Fed decision , which came too late for those markets .	12	20	22
The Commerce Department , meanwhile , reported that the US trade deficit shrank by 3.7 percent to 51.6 billion dollars in September , as exports increased 0.8 percent to a record 97.5 billion dollars .	Markets had churned in a narrow range for most of the day after early economic news was generally positive :    The Labor Department reported jobless claims rose a less than expected 2,000 to 333,000 last week .	   European stock markets pushed as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of the Fed decision , which came too late for those markets .	12	23	34
African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo was Wednesday consulting with African leaders with plans to convene an urgent summit to decide on action over the Ivory Coast crisis , an official statement said .	NONE	   " Obasanjo has in his capacity as the current chairman of the African Union begun consultations on what the Union should do to address the serious situation , " said the statement from the Nigerian president 's spokeswoman , Oluremi Oyo .	7	6	7
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .	NONE	   Crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	6	7	9
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .	NONE	   Crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	16	17	24
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .	NONE	   Crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	28	29	30
Crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	Oil prices bumped around as investors tried to make sense of the mixed report .	   Distillates -- mostly heating oil and diesel -- fell by 100,000 barrels to 115.6 million , the eighth consecutive drop .	3	10	16
A fire ripped through a hostel in the remote southern Siberian town of Kyzyl early Wednesday , killing at least 19 people , Russian news agencies reported citing emergency ministry officials .	NONE	   At least 17 people were hospitalized with burns , ITAR - TASS news agency said .	2	14	16
On November 9 , electricity and heating had been cut off in the hostel , its residents having fallen behind with their bills .	According to ITAR - TASS , the flames fanned out near the only exit for the building , where the electrical switchboard was situated .	   With outside temperatures of minus 20 Celsius ( minus four Fahrenheit ) , they may have tried to reconnect the electricity themselves , provoking the catastrophe , regional officials said .	9	0	3
In April 2003 , 30 children died in a fire in a hostel for deaf and mute children in Makhachkala , the capital of the Caucasus republic of Dagestan .	Fires of this kind are a frequent occurrence in Russia .	NONE	6	0	3
Last December a fire which swept through a hostel dormitory housing mostly Asian and African students at the People 's Friendship University in Moscow left 43 people dead and 180 injured .	In April 2003 , 30 children died in a fire in a hostel for deaf and mute children in Makhachkala , the capital of the Caucasus republic of Dagestan .	NONE	24	0	2
African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo was Wednesday consulting with African leaders with plans to convene an urgent summit to decide on action over the Ivory Coast crisis , an official statement said .	NONE	   " Obasanjo has in his capacity as the current chairman of the African Union begun consultations on what the Union should do to address the serious situation , " said the statement from the Nigerian president 's spokeswoman , Oluremi Oyo .	7	6	7
An envoy of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Wednesday that 127 insurgents were arrested in a hospital in Fallujah , as he sought to ease Turkish concerns over a blistering US - led offensive against the rebel stronghold .	NONE	   Iraqi Provincial Affairs Minister Wael Abdel - Latif cited the capture by US and Iraqi troops of 127 insurgents holed up in a hospital as an example of how badly the situation had deteriorated in Fallujah , insisting that restoring security in Iraq is a must ahead of planned elections in January .	8	9	10
An envoy of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Wednesday that 127 insurgents were arrested in a hospital in Fallujah , as he sought to ease Turkish concerns over a blistering US - led offensive against the rebel stronghold .	NONE	   Iraqi Provincial Affairs Minister Wael Abdel - Latif cited the capture by US and Iraqi troops of 127 insurgents holed up in a hospital as an example of how badly the situation had deteriorated in Fallujah , insisting that restoring security in Iraq is a must ahead of planned elections in January .	14	21	39
" A total of 127 terrorists were captured in a raid on the hospital in Fallujah , " Abdel - Latif told reporters through an interpreter after talks with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .	Iraqi Provincial Affairs Minister Wael Abdel - Latif cited the capture by US and Iraqi troops of 127 insurgents holed up in a hospital as an example of how badly the situation had deteriorated in Fallujah , insisting that restoring security in Iraq is a must ahead of planned elections in January .	   Allawi had announced Monday that 38 insurgents were killed and four foreign fighters , including two Moroccans , were captured as the US - led forces stormed the hospital .	21	26	35
Allawi had announced Monday that 38 insurgents were killed and four foreign fighters , including two Moroccans , were captured as the US - led forces stormed the hospital .	" A total of 127 terrorists were captured in a raid on the hospital in Fallujah , " Abdel - Latif told reporters through an interpreter after talks with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .	   " The top priority of the ( Iraqi ) government is to secure the atmosphere of peace and security necessary to hold elections in January 2005 , " Abdel - Latif said . "	2	3	4
Allawi had announced Monday that 38 insurgents were killed and four foreign fighters , including two Moroccans , were captured as the US - led forces stormed the hospital .	" A total of 127 terrorists were captured in a raid on the hospital in Fallujah , " Abdel - Latif told reporters through an interpreter after talks with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .	   " The top priority of the ( Iraqi ) government is to secure the atmosphere of peace and security necessary to hold elections in January 2005 , " Abdel - Latif said . "	19	20	29
" The top priority of the ( Iraqi ) government is to secure the atmosphere of peace and security necessary to hold elections in January 2005 , " Abdel - Latif said . "	Allawi had announced Monday that 38 insurgents were killed and four foreign fighters , including two Moroccans , were captured as the US - led forces stormed the hospital .	Maybe it will not be possible to finish off terrorism in the short run , but we believe we can prepare the necessary environment for elections and we are working for that . "	21	23	26
Maybe it will not be possible to finish off terrorism in the short run , but we believe we can prepare the necessary environment for elections and we are working for that . "	" The top priority of the ( Iraqi ) government is to secure the atmosphere of peace and security necessary to hold elections in January 2005 , " Abdel - Latif said . "	   Responding to warnings by Ankara that more civilian casualties in Iraq would hamper efforts to stabilize the country , Abdel - Latif maintained that restoring security in Iraq would also make neighboring countries safer .	7	10	14
A close aide to the Turkish prime minister later said Erdogan renewed Ankara 's concerns over the crackdown .	The envoy , who paid similar visits to Iran and Kuwait , said Allawi 's letter to Erdogan explained the reasons for the Fallujah offensive .	   " The prime minister underlined the need to exert maximum caution to spare civilian lives and refrain from the use of disproportionate force , " the aide said . "	9	8	9
In Istanbul , a Turkish Islamist human rights group said it was sending a truckload of baby food the besieged Sunni city west of Baghdad within 48 hours if their assault continues on course .	Ankara is worried that the Iraqi Kurds it often suspects of plotting to carve up an independent state in their homeland along the Turkish border could gain dominant status in the future Iraqi administration .	   Acting on Allawi 's orders US marines backed by Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah on Monday , after weeks of heavy bombardment , in an attack dubbed Operation Dawn .	12	25	28
In Istanbul , a Turkish Islamist human rights group said it was sending a truckload of baby food the besieged Sunni city west of Baghdad within 48 hours if their assault continues on course .	Ankara is worried that the Iraqi Kurds it often suspects of plotting to carve up an independent state in their homeland along the Turkish border could gain dominant status in the future Iraqi administration .	   Acting on Allawi 's orders US marines backed by Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah on Monday , after weeks of heavy bombardment , in an attack dubbed Operation Dawn .	31	32	34
Acting on Allawi 's orders US marines backed by Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah on Monday , after weeks of heavy bombardment , in an attack dubbed Operation Dawn .	In Istanbul , a Turkish Islamist human rights group said it was sending a truckload of baby food the besieged Sunni city west of Baghdad within 48 hours if their assault continues on course .	NONE	11	13	15
Acting on Allawi 's orders US marines backed by Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah on Monday , after weeks of heavy bombardment , in an attack dubbed Operation Dawn .	In Istanbul , a Turkish Islamist human rights group said it was sending a truckload of baby food the besieged Sunni city west of Baghdad within 48 hours if their assault continues on course .	NONE	11	16	21
Eleven people have been killed in clashes between insurgents and US and Iraqi forces in the northern Iraqi town of Baiji and a curfew imposed , a local official said Wednesday .	NONE	   " There were 10 ( civilians ) killed , including three women , and 26 wounded , including two policemen , five children and a woman , " said Dr Hussein al - Juburi at Baiji general hospital , 200 kilometres ( 130 miles ) north of Baghdad .	29	30	31
A national guardsman was also killed and four others the rebel stronghold west of Baghdad begun by US and Iraqi forces on Monday .	" There were 10 ( civilians ) killed , including three women , and 26 wounded , including two policemen , five children and a woman , " said Dr Hussein al - Juburi at Baiji general hospital , 200 kilometres ( 130 miles ) north of Baghdad .	NONE	15	21	23
A Turkish truck driver was killed and his vehicle set alight on Wednesday by unidentified gunmen in northern Iraq , the fourth such killing in as many days , regional police said .	NONE	   " The Turkish driver was killed near Jebel Makhul ( some 200 kilometres , 120 miles north of Baghdad ) by armed men who set fire to his truck , " said Colonel Mohammed Hussein , a police spokesman in Salaheddin province .	9	11	13
On Sunday , a Turkish driver was shot dead and two others were injured by masked gunmen in northern Iraq .	" The Turkish driver was killed near Jebel Makhul ( some 200 kilometres , 120 miles north of Baghdad ) by armed men who set fire to his truck , " said Colonel Mohammed Hussein , a police spokesman in Salaheddin province .	Two truckers , one Turkish the other Iraqi , were also found shot dead the same day north of Baghdad .	7	0	2
On Sunday , a Turkish driver was shot dead and two others were injured by masked gunmen in northern Iraq .	" The Turkish driver was killed near Jebel Makhul ( some 200 kilometres , 120 miles north of Baghdad ) by armed men who set fire to his truck , " said Colonel Mohammed Hussein , a police spokesman in Salaheddin province .	Two truckers , one Turkish the other Iraqi , were also found shot dead the same day north of Baghdad .	13	0	2
Two truckers , one Turkish the other Iraqi , were also found shot dead the same day north of Baghdad .	On Sunday , a Turkish driver was shot dead and two others were injured by masked gunmen in northern Iraq .	   On Tuesday , a Turkish tanker driver was also killed at dawn and his vehicle set alight on the road from Mosul , northern Iraq , to Baiji .	12	14	17
On Tuesday , a Turkish tanker driver was also killed at dawn and his vehicle set alight on the road from Mosul , northern Iraq , to Baiji .	Two truckers , one Turkish the other Iraqi , were also found shot dead the same day north of Baghdad .	   Turkish truckers shipping goods through Iraq have increasingly become the target of kidnappers and gunmen , prompting the government in Ankara to seek enhanced security measures for its nationals .	9	0	2
On Tuesday , a Turkish tanker driver was also killed at dawn and his vehicle set alight on the road from Mosul , northern Iraq , to Baiji .	Two truckers , one Turkish the other Iraqi , were also found shot dead the same day north of Baghdad .	   Turkish truckers shipping goods through Iraq have increasingly become the target of kidnappers and gunmen , prompting the government in Ankara to seek enhanced security measures for its nationals .	9	10	12
From the rolling fields of France 's Somme Valley to capitals around the world , veterans and political leaders will pause Thursday to remember the fallen of World War I , the first truly global conflict .	NONE	   What was to have been the war to end all wars -- but which was in reality only the prelude to the next -- officially ended at the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month in 1918 , six hours after the signing of the armistice in Compiegne , northern Fra drop 1.3 million poppies over London at 6:00 pm ( 1800 GMT ) while bridges along the Thames river will be lit up in red every night until Sunday .	20	21	22
Thursday is the 50th anniversary of Veteran 's Day , which then US president Dwight D. Eisenhower proclaimed in 1954 to replace Armistice Day as an event intended to honor all servicemen and women , present and past .	In the United States , which counts almost 25 million veterans , President George W. Bush was to lay a wreath and give a speech at the main public event at the Arlington national cemetery , while the Stars and Stripes will fly and bugles sound elsewhere in the country .	   Religious ceremonies are scheduled at many of the cemeteries in France and Belgium .	17	11	12
Thursday is the 50th anniversary of Veteran 's Day , which then US president Dwight D. Eisenhower proclaimed in 1954 to replace Armistice Day as an event intended to honor all servicemen and women , present and past .	In the United States , which counts almost 25 million veterans , President George W. Bush was to lay a wreath and give a speech at the main public event at the Arlington national cemetery , while the Stars and Stripes will fly and bugles sound elsewhere in the country .	   Religious ceremonies are scheduled at many of the cemeteries in France and Belgium .	17	18	20
Eleven people have been killed in clashes between insurgents and US and Iraqi forces in the northern Iraqi town of Baiji and a curfew imposed , a local official said Wednesday .	NONE	   " There were 10 ( civilians ) killed , including three women , and 26 wounded , including two policemen , five children and a woman , " said Dr Hussein al - Juburi at Baiji general hospital , 200 kilometres ( 130 miles ) north of Baghdad .	29	30	31
Municipal council leader Hamed Hachem told AFP Wednesday that " a curfew has been in effect in town since midday and for an indefinite period , until order is re - established . "	A national guardsman was also killed and four others wounded when a roadside bomb detonated as their convoy passed close to Baiji , said national guard commander Mohammed Jassem .	   Road blocks have been set up on roads into the town and troops are patrolling the streets to enforce the curfew , he said .	5	7	8
Municipal council leader Hamed Hachem told AFP Wednesday that " a curfew has been in effect in town since midday and for an indefinite period , until order is re - established . "	A national guardsman was also killed and four others wounded when a roadside bomb detonated as their convoy passed close to Baiji , said national guard commander Mohammed Jassem .	   Road blocks have been set up on roads into the town and troops are patrolling the streets to enforce the curfew , he said .	13	18	25
Municipal council leader Hamed Hachem told AFP Wednesday that " a curfew has been in effect in town since midday and for an indefinite period , until order is re - established . "	A national guardsman was also killed and four others wounded when a roadside bomb detonated as their convoy passed close to Baiji , said national guard commander Mohammed Jassem .	   Road blocks have been set up on roads into the town and troops are patrolling the streets to enforce the curfew , he said .	13	26	32
Municipal council leader Hamed Hachem told AFP Wednesday that " a curfew has been in effect in town since midday and for an indefinite period , until order is re - established . "	A national guardsman was also killed and four others wounded when a roadside bomb detonated as their convoy passed close to Baiji , said national guard commander Mohammed Jassem .	   Road blocks have been set up on roads into the town and troops are patrolling the streets to enforce the curfew , he said .	31	29	30
Rebels began skirmishes with Iraqi national guardsmen in the town centre on Tuesday afternoon , following a mortar attack on national guardsmen and US troops .	Road blocks have been set up on roads into the town and troops are patrolling the streets to enforce the curfew , he said .	   Clashes on Wednesday involving light arms and mortars wounded four people and damaged a mosque , a petrol station and a mobile telephone relay post , local police commander Mezher Mohammed told AFP .	1	11	14
Rebels began skirmishes with Iraqi national guardsmen in the town centre on Tuesday afternoon , following a mortar attack on national guardsmen and US troops .	Road blocks have been set up on roads into the town and troops are patrolling the streets to enforce the curfew , he said .	   Clashes on Wednesday involving light arms and mortars wounded four people and damaged a mosque , a petrol station and a mobile telephone relay post , local police commander Mezher Mohammed told AFP .	1	15	25
" I 'm expecting more violence because of what 's happening in Fallujah , " he said , referring to a massive assault on the rebel stronghold west of Baghdad begun by US and Iraqi forces on Monday .	Police chief Ismail Mahmud al - Juburi said he thought the fighting would continue .	NONE	30	36	38
Van Gogh 's suspected killer , Mohammed Bouyeri , who has dual Moroccan and Dutch nationality , was arrested shortly afterwards .	" This is not a line of enquiry that we are following , " Garzon said .	NONE	18	19	21
A parliamentary committee in Zimbabwe warned Wednesday that the country could run out of food before next year 's harvest , casting doubt on the government 's forecast of a bumper crop .	NONE	   The report by the committee on lands and agriculture warned that Zimbabweans were likely to consume more food than the country currently has in storage .	5	6	7
A parliamentary committee in Zimbabwe warned Wednesday that the country could run out of food before next year 's harvest , casting doubt on the government 's forecast of a bumper crop .	NONE	   The report by the committee on lands and agriculture warned that Zimbabweans were likely to consume more food than the country currently has in storage .	11	15	20
" The country , therefore , is likely to stock out before the next harvest in 2005 , " said the committee chairman and ruling party lawmaker , Daniel Mackenzie Ncube , in a presentation to parliament .	The report by the committee on lands and agriculture warned that Zimbabweans were likely to consume more food than the country currently has in storage .	   The government has said that the country is expecting a bumper harvest of 2.4 million tonnes of maize , the staple food of the southern African country 's 11.6 million people .	9	11	17
Armed mens Wednesday attacked the headquarters of electoral agency located in Awka , capital of Nigeria 's southeastern Anambra state , state police spokesman and officials said .	NONE	   " The thugs attacked the state governor 's office , set part of it ablaze , attacked the state parliament and residences of legislators , drove them into the bush and burnt their cars , " government spokesman Fred Chukwuelobe , told AFP by telephone .	1	2	3
Armed mens Wednesday attacked the headquarters of electoral agency located in Awka , capital of Nigeria 's southeastern Anambra state , state police spokesman and officials said .	NONE	   " The thugs attacked the state governor 's office , set part of it ablaze , attacked the state parliament and residences of legislators , drove them into the bush and burnt their cars , " government spokesman Fred Chukwuelobe , told AFP by telephone .	3	2	3
" I saw them in their bus when they were coming for the operation at dawn .	" The thugs attacked the state governor 's office , set part of it ablaze , attacked the state parliament and residences of legislators , drove them into the bush and burnt their cars , " government spokesman Fred Chukwuelobe , told AFP by telephone .	I just managed to escape and I am still in hiding now .	2	7	16
" I saw them in their bus when they were coming for the operation at dawn .	" The thugs attacked the state governor 's office , set part of it ablaze , attacked the state parliament and residences of legislators , drove them into the bush and burnt their cars , " government spokesman Fred Chukwuelobe , told AFP by telephone .	I just managed to escape and I am still in hiding now .	10	7	8
" I saw them in their bus when they were coming for the operation at dawn .	" The thugs attacked the state governor 's office , set part of it ablaze , attacked the state parliament and residences of legislators , drove them into the bush and burnt their cars , " government spokesman Fred Chukwuelobe , told AFP by telephone .	I just managed to escape and I am still in hiding now .	10	14	16
President Olusegun Obasanjo last May 18 declared a renewable six - month state of emergency in central Plateau State following ethnic and religious unrest in which hundreds of people were killed .	" They want to make the state ungovernable for Ngige , create a situation that would lead to a breakdown of law and order so that a state of emergency can be declared in Anambra , as we have in Plateau State , " he alleged .	   The thugs , armed with guns and other weapons , attacked the offices of the Independent Electoral Commission ( INEC ) in Awka and set it ablaze , Anambra State police spokesman Kola Shofoluwe said on official Radio Nigeria , monitored here .	6	3	6
President Olusegun Obasanjo last May 18 declared a renewable six - month state of emergency in central Plateau State following ethnic and religious unrest in which hundreds of people were killed .	" They want to make the state ungovernable for Ngige , create a situation that would lead to a breakdown of law and order so that a state of emergency can be declared in Anambra , as we have in Plateau State , " he alleged .	   The thugs , armed with guns and other weapons , attacked the offices of the Independent Electoral Commission ( INEC ) in Awka and set it ablaze , Anambra State police spokesman Kola Shofoluwe said on official Radio Nigeria , monitored here .	6	19	31
Marriage in Italy , a staunchly Roman Catholic country and home to Pope John Paul II is slipping more and more out of fashion , with new data published on Wednesday showing a sharp fall in the number of weddings .	NONE	   According to the state statistics office Istat there were 258,000 marriages celebrated in 2003 as against 280,000 in 2000 , a drop of over 20,000 over the three year period .	28	29	31
According to the state statistics office Istat there were 258,000 marriages celebrated in 2003 as against 280,000 in 2000 , a drop of over 20,000 over the three year period .	Marriage in Italy , a staunchly Roman Catholic country and home to Pope John Paul II is slipping more and more out of fashion , with new data published on Wednesday showing a sharp fall in the number of weddings .	   There was further gloomy reading for the Catholic church because the statistics showed that religious marriages are continuing to decline .	11	12	14
Eight French troops and a US civilian were killed when the Sukhoi-25 fighter plane dropped a 500-pound bomb on the camp on Saturday .	There is no way he could have confused his targets , that he did not see us . "	A ninth soldier died from his wounds in hospital and 38 others have been treated for their own injuries of varying degrees .	8	9	23
Eight French troops and a US civilian were killed when the Sukhoi-25 fighter plane dropped a 500-pound bomb on the camp on Saturday .	There is no way he could have confused his targets , that he did not see us . "	A ninth soldier died from his wounds in hospital and 38 others have been treated for their own injuries of varying degrees .	14	9	10
Eight French troops and a US civilian were killed when the Sukhoi-25 fighter plane dropped a 500-pound bomb on the camp on Saturday .	There is no way he could have confused his targets , that he did not see us . "	A ninth soldier died from his wounds in hospital and 38 others have been treated for their own injuries of varying degrees .	14	21	23
" It seems so unreal to me , looking at that room now and remembering how it was before .	" I was in that room and saw my commander fall , just two meters in front of me , " said one shaken soldier under cover of anonymity .	All I can see is my friends falling to the ground . "	8	12	13
" It seems so unreal to me , looking at that room now and remembering how it was before .	" I was in that room and saw my commander fall , just two meters in front of me , " said one shaken soldier under cover of anonymity .	All I can see is my friends falling to the ground . "	17	18	19
A Russian court Wednesday sent a scientist facing a conviction of spying for China to jail , ruling that he was influencing the ongoing court case by staying free .	NONE	   " Valentin Danilov has been taken to custody so that he can not pressure the course of the continuing judicial proceedings , " a prosecutor 's office official told Interfax in the Siberian region of Krasnoyarsk , where Danilov is being tried .	4	3	4
On Friday , a jury convicted Danilov of fraud , which is a separate charge from the spying conviction the state is pressing against him .	In Danilov 's trial , " half of the jurors had a special permission to have access to classified documents which can not be obtained without the FSB 's accord , " said Ernst Cherny of the Committe for the Defense of Scientists , a body which lobbies for the release of scientists jailed for espionage    " These juries depend in one form or another on the FSB , " said Cherny , expressing doubts that the jury in Danilov 's trial was really picked at random .	A judge is due to make a decision on the more serious charge that could land Danilov in jail for 20 years later this month .	5	0	2
A judge is due to make a decision on the more serious charge that could land Danilov in jail for 20 years later this month .	On Friday , a jury convicted Danilov of fraud , which is a separate charge from the spying conviction the state is pressing against him .	   Lawyers for Sutyagin , convicted in April , recently demanded a retrial , saying that one of the jurors who found him guilty had hidden the fact that he worked for the SVR foreign intelligence service .	15	19	22
A judge is due to make a decision on the more serious charge that could land Danilov in jail for 20 years later this month .	On Friday , a jury convicted Danilov of fraud , which is a separate charge from the spying conviction the state is pressing against him .	   Lawyers for Sutyagin , convicted in April , recently demanded a retrial , saying that one of the jurors who found him guilty had hidden the fact that he worked for the SVR foreign intelligence service .	15	22	25
In December , 2003 , a jury in Siberia had cleared Danilov of charges that he gave China top secrets and classified information on Russia 's space technology , but Russia 's Supreme Court overturned the acquittal .	Arrested in 2001 , Danilov has repeatedly declared his innocence and said information that he sold to a Chinese organization , which focused on the Russian space agency , was already in the public domain .	NONE	10	0	4
Court hearings for alleged Russian spies have become prominent under the administration of President Vladimir Putin , who headed the KGB before becoming prime minister and then head of state .	In December , 2003 , a jury in Siberia had cleared Danilov of charges that he gave China top secrets and classified information on Russia 's space technology , but Russia 's Supreme Court overturned the acquittal .	   Most of the court cases have led to convictions and have caused alarm among rights groups .	18	21	30
Human rights activists in Russia have criticized the FSB for going after scientists who were pushed into looking for work abroad after the collapse of the Soviet Union .	In early November a jury said that Danilov had passed information to a foreign government , but because the information was classified , a judge had to issue a ruling on whether the data constituted a state secret .	   In December , 2003 , a jury in Siberia had cleared Danilov of charges that he gave China top secrets and classified information on Russia 's space technology , but Russia 's Supreme Court overturned the acquittal .	17	21	28
Bosnian Croat war crimes indictee Miroslav Bralo surrendered Wednesday to representatives of the international community in Bosnia , the Croatian justice ministry said .	NONE	   " Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " the minsitry said in a statement .	7	8	9
" Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " the minsitry said in a statement .	Bosnian Croat war crimes indictee Miroslav Bralo surrendered Wednesday to representatives of the international community in Bosnia , the Croatian justice ministry said .	   The UN war crimes tribunal at The Hague has indicted Bralo with 21 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity including rape and torture of Muslims during Bosnia 's 1992 - 95 war .	11	12	13
The UN court revealed the indictement against Bralo in mid - October .	The UN war crimes tribunal at The Hague has indicted Bralo with 21 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity including rape and torture of Muslims during Bosnia 's 1992 - 95 war .	NONE	3	8	12
British troops have been placed on standby to go to the Ivory Coast in case they might be needed to evacuate British nationals from the violence - torn nation , officials in London said Wednesday .	NONE	   " There are British nationals in Ivory Coast , and as you can imagine we are making the usual contingency plans in case the situation deteriorates further , " Prime Minister Tony Blair 's official spokesman said .	33	34	35
France began evacuating its nationals and some other Europeans on Wednesday from Ivory Coast , where at least 145 people have been killed since last week when the country 's two - year - old low - level civil war saw a sharp upswing in violence .	In all , there were around 300 British nationals in the west African country , a Foreign Office spokesman said , adding that a small military party had already left for Abidjan to assess the situation .	NONE	1	9	10
France began evacuating its nationals and some other Europeans on Wednesday from Ivory Coast , where at least 145 people have been killed since last week when the country 's two - year - old low - level civil war saw a sharp upswing in violence .	In all , there were around 300 British nationals in the west African country , a Foreign Office spokesman said , adding that a small military party had already left for Abidjan to assess the situation .	NONE	2	9	11
France began evacuating its nationals and some other Europeans on Wednesday from Ivory Coast , where at least 145 people have been killed since last week when the country 's two - year - old low - level civil war saw a sharp upswing in violence .	In all , there were around 300 British nationals in the west African country , a Foreign Office spokesman said , adding that a small military party had already left for Abidjan to assess the situation .	NONE	22	23	26
France began evacuating its nationals and some other Europeans on Wednesday from Ivory Coast , where at least 145 people have been killed since last week when the country 's two - year - old low - level civil war saw a sharp upswing in violence .	In all , there were around 300 British nationals in the west African country , a Foreign Office spokesman said , adding that a small military party had already left for Abidjan to assess the situation .	NONE	22	26	46
France began evacuating its nationals and some other Europeans on Wednesday from Ivory Coast , where at least 145 people have been killed since last week when the country 's two - year - old low - level civil war saw a sharp upswing in violence .	In all , there were around 300 British nationals in the west African country , a Foreign Office spokesman said , adding that a small military party had already left for Abidjan to assess the situation .	NONE	40	24	26
" Perhaps by the mid - century , this route will be used because the other routes do have some security elements , " said Lawson Brigham , the deputy director and Alaska office director of the US Arctic Research Commission .	A " northern sea route " along the Siberian coast would be almost 40 percent shorter than the current Europe - Asia route , which requires a lengthy detour through the Suez Canal .	   This positive consequence of the melting ice cap contrasts starkly with otherwise dire predictions for climate change in the Arctic , as researchers warned of rising sea levels and the extinction of some species , such as polar bears which need the ice to access their prey .	12	2	7
Traditional shipping routes , which often require a passage through either the Suez or Panama canals , are risky .	This positive consequence of the melting ice cap contrasts starkly with otherwise dire predictions for climate change in the Arctic , as researchers warned of rising sea levels and the extinction of some species , such as polar bears which need the ice to access their prey .	In the first three months of this year , 22 sailors were killed in acts of piracy , which are relatively common off the coast of Indonesia and the Malacca Strait , for example .	6	5	6
In the first three months of this year , 22 sailors were killed in acts of piracy , which are relatively common off the coast of Indonesia and the Malacca Strait , for example .	Traditional shipping routes , which often require a passage through either the Suez or Panama canals , are risky .	   Terrorists also target the merchant navy , as illustrated by the 2002 Al - Qaeda attack on the French supertanker Limburg off the coast of Yemen , in which one crewman died and 12 others were injured .	12	0	8
" The question is whether this could be a year - round route , " Brigham said , noting that " some small shipping companies are already making plans " .	Ships can already sail through the Arctic Ocean about 20 or 30 days a year , but this period could be extended to up to 150 days for ships with ice - strengthened hulls around the year 2080 , according to a report by an Arctic climate research team being discussed by researchers at a conference in Reykjavik .	   Once the Arctic ice melts , activities on the waterway will abound .	27	26	27
But before a trans - Arctic route can be a reality a number of scientific , economic and geopolitical issues need to be resolved .	Currently the domain of icebreakers , the Arctic Ocean will in the future be increasingly open to local fishing trawlers and cruise liners for adventurous travellers , while indigenous populations will increasingly use their canoes and kayaks for transport and traditional activities such as hunting and fishing .	   In addition to questions about what the Arctic will look like in the future -- which will determine its navigability -- doubts remain about the financial profitability of a northern passage .	20	1	11
While two weeks could be ssive commercial use of the northern passage for a number of decades .	In addition to questions about what the Arctic will look like in the future -- which will determine its navigability -- doubts remain about the financial profitability of a northern passage .	   " There wo n't be any boom in the coming future since the ice wo n't significantly retreat before 30 or 40 years , " Walter Parker , chairman of the Arctic Council Circumpolar Infrastructure Task Force , said .	4	0	3
" There wo n't be any boom in the coming future since the ice wo n't significantly retreat before 30 or 40 years , " Walter Parker , chairman of the Arctic Council Circumpolar Infrastructure Task Force , said .	While two weeks could be ssive commercial use of the northern passage for a number of decades .	   Container ships are too big to navigate the often shallow waters off the Russian coast and oil tankers have no reason to sail that route , he said .	17	18	23
On the eve of a visit to Washington , British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday urged the US - led coalition in Iraq to them as terrorists , " he said .	NONE	   He repeated his insistence that the US - led coalition had to " stand firm and see it through " as defeating the terrorists would open the way to investment , speedy reconstruction and elections .	16	0	8
On the eve of a visit to Washington , British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday urged the US - led coalition in Iraq to them as terrorists , " he said .	NONE	   He repeated his insistence that the US - led coalition had to " stand firm and see it through " as defeating the terrorists would open the way to investment , speedy reconstruction and elections .	16	14	16
" The casualties that have arisen in Iraq since the end of the major conflict in April 2003 are the direct responsibility of the terrorists and insurgents .	The reason for that is because there is no terrorism , no insurgency , " Straw responded .	That is the case in Fallujah , " he said .	5	8	18
Though he expected US - led forces to capture Fallujah , Cook said the tactical victory would not achieve the US and British goals of ensuring the security for democratic elections planned in January .	In an interview with the BBC , Cook said the " heavy - handed " assault on Fallujah would only increase popular support for the Iraqi resistance to the US - led occupation .	NONE	31	32	34
AIDS activists in Kenya on Wednesday expressed fear that the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria might not launch a new round of funding for poor countries at the end of this year .	NONE	   " It will be impossible for the Global Fund to assist in the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals if it is bankrupt and forced to close its doors due to donor countries not living up to their promises , " Siama Musine of the Kenya Organisation of People Living with HIV / AIDS ( KOPLWA ) said in a statement released in Nairobi .	6	4	6
AIDS activists in Kenya on Wednesday expressed fear that the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria might not launch a new round of funding for poor countries at the end of this year .	NONE	   " It will be impossible for the Global Fund to assist in the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals if it is bankrupt and forced to close its doors due to donor countries not living up to their promises , " Siama Musine of the Kenya Organisation of People Living with HIV / AIDS ( KOPLWA ) said in a statement released in Nairobi .	21	30	36
Money already earmarked for Kenya from an earlier round of funding is expected to provide anti - retroviral therapy to 4,000 people in the first two years and fund the training of 1,800 health workers .	" The Fund , which already faces severe budget problems , is likely to announce next week that it will not invite proposals this year for a fifth round of funding for poor countries , " s doors to new grant requests that could save lives and give people hope , " he added .	NONE	2	1	2
Money already earmarked for Kenya from an earlier round of funding is expected to provide anti - retroviral therapy to 4,000 people in the first two years and fund the training of 1,800 health workers .	" The Fund , which already faces severe budget problems , is likely to announce next week that it will not invite proposals this year for a fifth round of funding for poor countries , " s doors to new grant requests that could save lives and give people hope , " he added .	NONE	14	22	27
African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo was Wednesday consulting with African leaders with plans to convene an urgent summit to decide on action over the Ivory Coast crisis , an official statement said .	NONE	   " Obasanjo has in his capacity as the current chairman of the African Union begun consultations on what the Union should do to address the serious situation , " said the statement from the Nigerian president 's spokeswoman , Oluremi Oyo .	7	6	7
The Irish government is going to pay the Band Aid Trust the equivalent of what it earns in value added tax ( VAT ) from sales of the new Live Aid DVD and CDs , Development Minister Conor Lenihan said on Wednesday .	NONE	   Lenehan said that while it was not possible to exempt the sales from VAT the amount of tax collected would be made available through the government 's development assistance programme .	39	40	42
Launching the DVD version of the 1985 concert in London on Monday , Dublin - born Bob Geldof said the need for funds to help African countries was greater than ever .	" In the case of the earlier Live Aid recordings , a similar arrangement was put in place , and we think it is important and appropriate to do so again now , " he said .	NONE	0	10	12
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week , but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .	NONE	   Oil prices bumped around as investors tried to make sense of the mixed report .	6	7	9
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week , but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .	NONE	   Oil prices bumped around as investors tried to make sense of the mixed report .	17	18	25
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week , but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .	NONE	   Oil prices bumped around as investors tried to make sense of the mixed report .	29	30	31
Crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	Oil prices bumped around as investors tried to make sense of the mixed report .	   Distillates -- mostly heating oil and diesel -- fell by 100,000 barrels to 115.6 million , the eighth consecutive drop .	3	10	16
New York 's benchmark light sweet crude contract for delivery in December was up 28 cents at 47.65 dollars a barrel by early afternoon .	A parallel survey by the private American Petroleum Institute found stocks of crude climbed 2.4 million barrels to 291.5 million , distillates rose 2.2 million to 117.2 million and gasoline fell 1.3 million to 201.1 million .	   " We did get the expected build in crude inventories , but it was upset by the drop in distillates and gasoline , " said Refco market analyst Marshall Steeves .	12	21	24
Dutch police confirmed that they made two arrests Wednesday during a siege of a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here , the state prosecutor 's office said .	NONE	   " One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	5	8	9
Dutch police confirmed that they made two arrests Wednesday during a siege of a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here , the state prosecutor 's office said .	NONE	   " One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	5	9	23
At least 250,000 people will directly benefit from the aid over the next 18 months , it said .	The money will go on providing clean drinking water and improved sanitation , " thereby reducing infant and child mortality , which remains very high in Cambodia " , the European Commission said in a statement .	   The EU commission has provided more than 26 million euros in aid to Cambodia , one of Asia 's poorest countries , since 2000 .	6	10	15
Asked if hostage records included the names of British aid director Margaret Hassan , French journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot or any other hostages still missing in Iraq , the general said : " I did not look closely . "	He said the houses were in the northern sector of Fallujah , above the main east - west road that cuts through the city    The area , which includes the Jolan and Shuhada districts , was under the " full control " of Iraqi forces as of 3:00 pm Wednesday ( 1200 GMT ) , he added .	   A US marine spokesman refused to comment on the findings .	26	25	26
More than 200 people have taken hostage in Iraq since April by different militant groups .	Both the Iraqi and US governments have charged that Fallujah was a staging ground for militants like Jordanian - born Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , the alleged frontman for Al - Qaeda in Iraq and accused of some of the worst attacks and a slew of kidnappings and beheadings .	   In a familiar pattern , taped footage of the hostage in the company of black - masked men would be sent to Arab satellite channels like Al - Jazeera with a message threatening to kill , usually behead , the hostage unless certain political demands were met .	5	9	11
As of early November , more than 30 of those taken hostage were executed including high profile beheadings of a British engineer and two of his US colleagues and a Japanese tourist .	In a familiar pattern , taped footage of the hostage in the company of black - masked men would be sent to Arab satellite channels like Al - Jazeera with a message threatening to kill , usually behead , the hostage unless certain political demands were met .	   Among the more than 25 still missing are Hassan , head of CARE International 's Iraq operations , kidnapped in Baghdad on October 19 .	13	0	4
Among the more than 25 still missing are Hassan , head of CARE International 's Iraq operations , kidnapped in Baghdad on October 19 .	As of early November , more than 30 of those taken hostage were executed including high profile beheadings of a British engineer and two of his US colleagues and a Japanese tourist .	   Her nameless captors had threatened to hand her over to Zarqawi 's group , by a November 4 deadline unless Britain pulled its troops out of Iraq .	6	5	6
Among the more than 25 still missing are Hassan , head of CARE International 's Iraq operations , kidnapped in Baghdad on October 19 .	As of early November , more than 30 of those taken hostage were executed including high profile beheadings of a British engineer and two of his US colleagues and a Japanese tourist .	   Her nameless captors had threatened to hand her over to Zarqawi 's group , by a November 4 deadline unless Britain pulled its troops out of Iraq .	18	21	24
Her nameless captors had threatened to hand her over to Zarqawi 's group , by a November 4 deadline unless Britain pulled its troops out of Iraq .	Among the more than 25 still missing are Hassan , head of CARE International 's Iraq operations , kidnapped in Baghdad on October 19 .	   Nothing has been heard since of the 59-year - old , who is married to an Iraqi and holds dual Iraqi citizenship .	6	14	19
Nothing has been heard since of the 59-year - old , who is married to an Iraqi and holds dual Iraqi citizenship .	Her nameless captors had threatened to hand her over to Zarqawi 's group , by a November 4 deadline unless Britain pulled its troops out of Iraq .	   Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .	3	4	22
Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .	Nothing has been heard since of the 59-year - old , who is married to an Iraqi and holds dual Iraqi citizenship .	   French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday that his government knew that the hostages were " still alive a few days ago , " after a botched attempt in September to rescue them .	12	13	16
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday that his government knew that the hostages were " still alive a few days ago , " after a botched attempt in September to rescue them .	Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .	   " We are continuing our work in difficult circumstances .	5	6	7
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday that his government knew that the hostages were " still alive a few days ago , " after a botched attempt in September to rescue them .	Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .	   " We are continuing our work in difficult circumstances .	10	24	33
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday that his government knew that the hostages were " still alive a few days ago , " after a botched attempt in September to rescue them .	Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .	   " We are continuing our work in difficult circumstances .	14	16	17
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday that his government knew that the hostages were " still alive a few days ago , " after a botched attempt in September to rescue them .	Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .	   " We are continuing our work in difficult circumstances .	14	18	22
Hopes they would be released have been dashed several times , most notably when French lawmaker Didier Julia unwisely announced at the end of last month that their liberation was imminent .	But despite calls from French leaders , Arab satellite television stations , and Iraqi clerics for their release , the pair remain in the hands of their captors .	   Uncorroborated information has further complicated a precarious situation , with rumours circulating of suitcases stuffed with cash for mediators being passed from hand to hand .	7	8	10
Hopes they would be released have been dashed several times , most notably when French lawmaker Didier Julia unwisely announced at the end of last month that their liberation was imminent .	But despite calls from French leaders , Arab satellite television stations , and Iraqi clerics for their release , the pair remain in the hands of their captors .	   Uncorroborated information has further complicated a precarious situation , with rumours circulating of suitcases stuffed with cash for mediators being passed from hand to hand .	19	13	14
Hopes they would be released have been dashed several times , most notably when French lawmaker Didier Julia unwisely announced at the end of last month that their liberation was imminent .	But despite calls from French leaders , Arab satellite television stations , and Iraqi clerics for their release , the pair remain in the hands of their captors .	   Uncorroborated information has further complicated a precarious situation , with rumours circulating of suitcases stuffed with cash for mediators being passed from hand to hand .	19	20	26
Dutch police confirmed that they made two arrests Wednesday during a siege of a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here , the state prosecutor 's office said .	NONE	   " One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	5	8	9
Dutch police confirmed that they made two arrests Wednesday during a siege of a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here , the state prosecutor 's office said .	NONE	   " One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	5	9	23
The investigation is ongoing , " Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for the state prosecutor 's office said shortly after the ANP news agency reported that the police siege had ended .	" One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	NONE	18	19	32
At least four people were killed when a car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in an eastern district of the Iraqi capital late Wednesday , a police chief said .	NONE	   The attack took place in the Zayyuna district at about 7:00 pm ( 1600 GMT ) , the officer said .	10	6	7
At least four people were killed when a car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in an eastern district of the Iraqi capital late Wednesday , a police chief said .	NONE	   The attack took place in the Zayyuna district at about 7:00 pm ( 1600 GMT ) , the officer said .	10	23	25
The euro smashed through the symbolic 1.30-dollar level on Wednesday for the first time since it began trading on foreign exchange markets in January 1999 .	NONE	   The euro 's new record high came despite data showing a narrowing of the US trade deficit -- a key worry for investors -- by a sharper - than - expected 3.7 percent in September to 51.6 billion dollars .	2	8	10
The euro smashed through the symbolic 1.30-dollar level on Wednesday for the first time since it began trading on foreign exchange markets in January 1999 .	NONE	   The euro 's new record high came despite data showing a narrowing of the US trade deficit -- a key worry for investors -- by a sharper - than - expected 3.7 percent in September to 51.6 billion dollars .	2	10	25
The euro smashed through the symbolic 1.30-dollar level on Wednesday for the first time since it began trading on foreign exchange markets in January 1999 .	NONE	   The euro 's new record high came despite data showing a narrowing of the US trade deficit -- a key worry for investors -- by a sharper - than - expected 3.7 percent in September to 51.6 billion dollars .	16	22	25
The single European currency peaked at 1.3005 dollars in afternoon trading here , but quickly retreated on profit taking to 1.2905 in late European trading .	The euro 's new record high came despite data showing a narrowing of the US trade deficit -- a key worry for investors -- by a sharper - than - expected 3.7 percent in September to 51.6 billion dollars .	   Dealers are worried about how the United States will attract the necessary capital inflows to fund the deteriorating trade balance and budget deficit .	4	8	11
Analysts say market concerns about the deficits have increased in the wake of US President George W. Bush 's re - election win last week .	The fear is that overseas investors might lose confidence in the debt - ridden US economy , placing their money elsewhere .	   G7-forex - intervention - Italy	8	9	25
" We 're probably hover at around this levels going into the Fed decision tonight , " he said .	There were likely some option barriers at 1.30 as well that the market was gunning to take out and now we 're starting to see it settle back a little bit .	   The US Federal Reropean Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing added his voice in a newspaper interview published Wednesday .	9	14	15
The US Federal Reropean Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing added his voice in a newspaper interview published Wednesday .	" We 're probably hover at around this levels going into the Fed decision tonight , " he said .	   Asked whether the ECB is concerned about the recent appreciation of the euro against the dollar , Issing repeated president Jean - Claude Trichet 's comments that recent developments are " brutal " and " unwelcome " .	17	18	19
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .	NONE	   As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	8	13	14
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .	NONE	   As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	8	19	38
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .	NONE	   As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	24	31	38
" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .	As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	   At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .	11	18	41
At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .	" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .	   Militants clad in black clashed from the roof of a battle - scarred block with marines in an intense fire - fight , while four less skilled rebel snipers were killed as they confronted the troops from another building in the battered heart of the city , an AFP reporter embedded with the military said .	11	19	22
At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .	" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .	   Militants clad in black clashed from the roof of a battle - scarred block with marines in an intense fire - fight , while four less skilled rebel snipers were killed as they confronted the troops from another building in the battered heart of the city , an AFP reporter embedded with the military said .	11	23	39
Hopelessly outnumbered , and with their leaders apparently gone , rebels said they would fight to the end for their stronghold , which became a no - go area for US forces after a battle in April ended in stalemate and the military withdrew .	Several bodies littered the streets as troops advanced cautiously from house - to - house , or rooftop - to - rooftop , barging through walls to avoid becoming easy targets out in the open .	   One told AFP that he wanted the shelling to stop so he could confront the US soldiers face - to - face , saying that he preferred " a war in the streets " .	14	32	44
At least 10,000 US troops from a pool of 20,000 , who have been gathering outside Fallujah since the middle of October , have fanned out inside the city since Monday , backed by 2,000 Iraqi soldiers .	Despite the resilience of some fighters , the overall resistance -- believed to number some 2,000 to 2,500 rebels -- was less effective than expected , with one marine officer describing it as " unorganised " .	   Prime Minister Iyad Allawi launched the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion as part of his efforts to crush a potent insurgency that bludgeons his US - backed government on a daily basis .	14	17	22
At least 10,000 US troops from a pool of 20,000 , who have been gathering outside Fallujah since the middle of October , have fanned out inside the city since Monday , backed by 2,000 Iraqi soldiers .	Despite the resilience of some fighters , the overall resistance -- believed to number some 2,000 to 2,500 rebels -- was less effective than expected , with one marine officer describing it as " unorganised " .	   Prime Minister Iyad Allawi launched the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion as part of his efforts to crush a potent insurgency that bludgeons his US - backed government on a daily basis .	24	29	31
There are no clear figures about how many civilians have been cside the main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the full - scale offensive on Monday , Ibadi said .	The casualties could not be independently verified .	   " Our first mission is to obtain permission from the multinational forces to enter the city and start evacuating the wounded , the elderly , the children and women , " the Red Crescent spokeswoman explained .	18	24	34
There are no clear figures about how many civilians have been cside the main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the full - scale offensive on Monday , Ibadi said .	The casualties could not be independently verified .	   " Our first mission is to obtain permission from the multinational forces to enter the city and start evacuating the wounded , the elderly , the children and women , " the Red Crescent spokeswoman explained .	26	32	34
A mosque in Belgium was hit by an " explosive substance " in an attack that may have been linked to a wave of anti - Islamic incidents in the Netherlands , Belga news agency reported Wednesday .	NONE	   A window of the mosque , in the eastern town of Beringen , was shattered and its frame damaged in the attack in the early hours , mosque officials were quoted as saying .	35	36	37
A window of the mosque , in the eastern town of Beringen , was shattered and its frame damaged in the attack in the early hours , mosque officials were quoted as saying .	A mosque in Belgium was hit by an " explosive substance " in an attack that may have been linked to a wave of anti - Islamic incidents in the Netherlands , Belga news agency reported Wednesday .	   Those responsible " may have been influenced " by the murder of controversial Dutch film director Theo van Gogh last week , prosecutors told Belga .	14	22	26
A window of the mosque , in the eastern town of Beringen , was shattered and its frame damaged in the attack in the early hours , mosque officials were quoted as saying .	A mosque in Belgium was hit by an " explosive substance " in an attack that may have been linked to a wave of anti - Islamic incidents in the Netherlands , Belga news agency reported Wednesday .	   Those responsible " may have been influenced " by the murder of controversial Dutch film director Theo van Gogh last week , prosecutors told Belga .	18	22	26
Unidentified arsonists also set fire to a church in the Dutch town of Utrecht late Monday , although it was unclear if the attack was linked to the filmmaker 's slaying .	No one has been hurt in the incidents .	   Earlier Wednesday the European Union 's executive commission warned that the outbreak in the Netherlands " could take place anywhere in Europe " and urged EU nations to take stock of the threat .	3	14	16
Earlier Wednesday the European Union 's executive commission warned that the outbreak in the Netherlands " could take place anywhere in Europe " and urged EU nations to take stock of the threat .	Unidentified arsonists also set fire to a church in the Dutch town of Utrecht late Monday , although it was unclear if the attack was linked to the filmmaker 's slaying .	NONE	8	0	2
Earlier Wednesday the European Union 's executive commission warned that the outbreak in the Netherlands " could take place anywhere in Europe " and urged EU nations to take stock of the threat .	Unidentified arsonists also set fire to a church in the Dutch town of Utrecht late Monday , although it was unclear if the attack was linked to the filmmaker 's slaying .	NONE	24	0	2
At least four people were killed when a car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in an eastern district of the Iraqi capital late Wednesday , a police chief said .	NONE	   The attack took place in the Zayyuna district at about 7:00 pm ( 1600 GMT ) , the officer said .	10	6	7
At least four people were killed when a car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in an eastern district of the Iraqi capital late Wednesday , a police chief said .	NONE	   The attack took place in the Zayyuna district at about 7:00 pm ( 1600 GMT ) , the officer said .	10	23	25
Russia 's upper house of parliament on Wednesday refused to support a bill banning the public consumption of beer , sending the legislation back to the lower house for further study .	NONE	   The ban was supported by only 40 senators and rejected by 73 in the Federations Council .	8	6	8
Oil prices bounced off seven - week lows Wednesday on concerns over a smaller - than - expected weekly rise in US crude oil stockpiles and a surprise fall in winter fuel inventories .	NONE	   New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in December , climbed by 63 cents to 48.00 dollars a barrel at about 1700 GMT , after losing 1.72 dollars on Tuesday    Brent North Sea crude for December rose by 74 cents to 44.45 dollars in London , a day after slumping by 2.21 dollars .	2	8	9
Prices rose after the US Department of Energy said crude oil inventories increased by 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in December , climbed by 63 cents to 48.00 dollars a barrel at about 1700 GMT , after losing 1.72 dollars on Tuesday    Brent North Sea crude for December rose by 74 cents to 44.45 dollars in London , a day after slumping by 2.21 dollars .	   Distillates -- mostly heating oil and diesel -- fell 100,000 barrels to 115.6 milli to soften further in the coming months amid continued strong output from OPEC and adequate stocks of industrial crude in key developed countries , the International Energy Agency said .	1	2	35
Prices rose after the US Department of Energy said crude oil inventories increased by 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .	New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in December , climbed by 63 cents to 48.00 dollars a barrel at about 1700 GMT , after losing 1.72 dollars on Tuesday    Brent North Sea crude for December rose by 74 cents to 44.45 dollars in London , a day after slumping by 2.21 dollars .	   Distillates -- mostly heating oil and diesel -- fell 100,000 barrels to 115.6 milli to soften further in the coming months amid continued strong output from OPEC and adequate stocks of industrial crude in key developed countries , the International Energy Agency said .	12	20	26
The UN Security Council was expected to pass a resolution on Wednesday setting a December 1 deadline for Ivory Coast 's government and rebels to implement a peace deal or face UN sanctions .	NONE	   France , which drafted the resolution , wanted to apply an immediate arms embargo and other measures on Ivory Coast , one of its former west African colonies , but faced reluctance from China , Pakistan and Russia , diplomats said .	7	10	12
A compromise agreed Tuesday paved the way for what was expected to be unanimous approval from the 15-member council .	France , which drafted the resolution , wanted to apply an immediate arms embargo and other measures on Ivory Coast , one of its former west African colonies , but faced reluctance from China , Pakistan and Russia , diplomats said .	   The resolution would impose a travel ban and assets freeze on people identified by a Security Council committee as violating human rights , inciting violence or otherwise undermining Ivory Coast 's fragile peace process .	2	3	4
The world 's top cocoa producer has been divided since a September 2002 uprising by rebels trying to unseat President Laurent Gbagbo and both sides have failed to meet all their commitments under a January 2003 peace pact .	In addition to an arms embargo , the resolution would impose a travel ban and assets freeze on people identified by a Security Council committee who violate human rights , incite violence or undermine the peace process .	   It is not immediately clear exactly how the Security Council would determine whether the parties have implemented the necessary terms to avoid putting the sanctions into effect .	8	9	38
Diplomats said the decision not impose immediate sanctions but wait until December would allow time for African Union mediators , led by South African President Thabo Mbeki , to try to bring the two sides together .	The world 's top cocoa producer has been divided since a September 2002 uprising by rebels trying to unseat President Laurent Gbagbo and both sides have failed to meet all their commitments under a January 2003 peace pact .	   But it was not immediately clear exactly how the Security Council would determine whether the parties have implemented the necessary terms to avoid putting the sanctions into effect .	9	10	12
Two sticking points are the disarming of rebels and the revision of a section in the Ivory Coast constitution , which critics charge is being used to keep Gbagbo 's chief rival from standing in elections next year .	But it was not immediately clear exactly how the Security Council would determine whether the parties have implemented the necessary terms to avoid putting the sanctions into effect .	   The nation 's shaky ceasefire was broken last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombarded positions in the rebel - held north .	33	36	38
The nation 's shaky ceasefire was broken last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombarded positions in the rebel - held north .	Two sticking points are the disarming of rebels and the revision of a section in the Ivory Coast constitution , which critics charge is being used to keep Gbagbo 's chief rival from standing in elections next year .	Subsequent raids killed nine French peacekeepers and a US aid worker .	6	7	9
The nation 's shaky ceasefire was broken last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombarded positions in the rebel - held north .	Two sticking points are the disarming of rebels and the revision of a section in the Ivory Coast constitution , which critics charge is being used to keep Gbagbo 's chief rival from standing in elections next year .	Subsequent raids killed nine French peacekeepers and a US aid worker .	6	9	23
The nation 's shaky ceasefire was broken last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombarded positions in the rebel - held north .	Two sticking points are the disarming of rebels and the revision of a section in the Ivory Coast constitution , which critics charge is being used to keep Gbagbo 's chief rival from standing in elections next year .	Subsequent raids killed nine French peacekeepers and a US aid worker .	15	7	9
Loyalists clashed with French troops in the main city of Abidjan on Tuesday , leaving seven dead and taking the death toll from the week of unrest to 145 , according to an AFP toll .	France retaliated by destroying virtually all of the tiny nation 's air force while it was on an airport runway , a move that sparked a wave of anti - French violence and riots .	   France began evacuating thousands of its nationals on Wednesday as partisans of the president commandeered national media , which have been flooded with anti - French messages calling on protesters to rampage in the streets .	1	11	13
France began evacuating thousands of its nationals on Wednesday as partisans of the president commandeered national media , which have been flooded with anti - French messages calling on protesters to rampage in the streets .	Loyalists clashed with French troops in the main city of Abidjan on Tuesday , leaving seven dead and taking the death toll from the week of unrest to 145 , according to an AFP toll .	   In an interview , Gbagbo claimed that France was backing the rebel New Forces , who have reiterated their call for his ouster .	1	9	35
But the two - year crisis has taken a heavy toll on the nation of 15 million people and also wreaked havoc on the international cocoa market , bringing prices around highs not seen since the middle of last year .	Also known by its French name Cote d'Ivoire , Ivory Coast had previously been a model of economic success in the region .	NONE	33	34	40
A parliamentary committee in Zimbabwe warned Wednesday that the country could run out of food before next year 's harvest , casting doubt on the government 's forecast of a bumper crop .	NONE	   The report by the committee on lands and agriculture warned that Zimbabweans were likely to consume more food than the country currently has in storage .	5	6	7
A parliamentary committee in Zimbabwe warned Wednesday that the country could run out of food before next year 's harvest , casting doubt on the government 's forecast of a bumper crop .	NONE	   The report by the committee on lands and agriculture warned that Zimbabweans were likely to consume more food than the country currently has in storage .	11	15	20
" The country , therefore , is likely to stock out before the next harvest in 2005 , " said the committee chairman and ruling party lawmaker , Daniel Mackenzie Ncube , in a presentation to parliament .	The report by the committee on lands and agriculture warned that Zimbabweans were likely to consume more food than the country currently has in storage .	   The government has said that the country is expecting a bumper harvest of 2.4 million tonnes of maize , the staple food of the southern African country 's 11.6 million people .	9	11	17
" In my constituency there are people who are going short of food today , and have been this entire year , " he said .	But contributing to debate on the issue , opposition lawmaker David Coltart said there were food shortages in his 50,000-strong constituency if Bulawayo South and that the government would need to act urgently to avert famine .	   " The lives of ping of those weapons , and killing or capturing those insurgents who stayed behind , " he said .	9	13	14
" In my constituency there are people who are going short of food today , and have been this entire year , " he said .	But contributing to debate on the issue , opposition lawmaker David Coltart said there were food shortages in his 50,000-strong constituency if Bulawayo South and that the government would need to act urgently to avert famine .	   " The lives of ping of those weapons , and killing or capturing those insurgents who stayed behind , " he said .	17	18	21
Dutch police ended a major raid on a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here since early Wednesday and , according to the state prosecutor 's office , arrested two suspects .	NONE	   " One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	14	17	20
The investigation is ongoing , " Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for the state prosecutor 's office said shortly after ANP news agency reported that the police siege had ended .	" One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	   NOS Dutch public television meanwhile reported that police sent remote - controled devices into the apartment to check for explosives .	18	19	31
A witness told NOS earlier she heard shots Wednesday aftere - end	NOS Dutch public television meanwhile reported that police sent remote - controled devices into the apartment to check for explosives .	NONE	2	4	5
A witness told NOS earlier she heard shots Wednesday aftere - end	NOS Dutch public television meanwhile reported that police sent remote - controled devices into the apartment to check for explosives .	NONE	6	8	12
Japan - submarine TOKYO : Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its waters near a disputed gasfield , setting off a high seas chase amid mounting disputes between the two countries .	Warcrimes - Bosnia - Serbs - Srebrenica   BANJA LUKA , Bosnia - Hercegovina : Bosnian Serb authorities apologized for the first time to relatives of around 8,000 Muslims killed by Serb forces in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre , Europe 's worst atrocity since World War II .	  afp   World - news - summary	6	9	36
At an Arab summit in Cairo in January 1964 , Nasser arranged for the chairmanship of the newly - founded Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) to go to Ahmed Shukeiri rather than Arafat .	Born on August 4 , 1929 , the Egyptian - educated Arafat went on to have fraught relations both with Egypt 's first president , Gamal Abdel Nasser , and his successor , Amwar Sadat , who in 1979 went on to sign the first Arab peace treaty with the Jewish state .	   Shukeiri was fiercely opposed to the state of Israel , even suggesting that the Jews there should be " thrown into the sea " .	11	6	9
At an Arab summit in Cairo in January 1964 , Nasser arranged for the chairmanship of the newly - founded Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) to go to Ahmed Shukeiri rather than Arafat .	Born on August 4 , 1929 , the Egyptian - educated Arafat went on to have fraught relations both with Egypt 's first president , Gamal Abdel Nasser , and his successor , Amwar Sadat , who in 1979 went on to sign the first Arab peace treaty with the Jewish state .	   Shukeiri was fiercely opposed to the state of Israel , even suggesting that the Jews there should be " thrown into the sea " .	19	17	18
However , after Egypt 's crushing defeat in the 1967 Arab - Israeli war and the Israeli occupation of the Sinai desert , the Gaza Strip and West Bank , Nasser moved closer to the Palestinian leader .	Nasser and Arafat worked to retain their independence by marking out their territory , in their personal ties as well as foreign relations .	   Politically and militarily weakened , the Egyptian leader needed to ally himself with Arafat , who in turn took the Arab nationalist leader as his role model .	31	2	29
During the almost daily anti - Israeli attacks carried out by Fatah and other armed Palestinian groups , Nasser took advantage to rebuild his army and prepare for the October 1973 war that would be waged by his successor , Anwar Sadat .	Politically and militarily weakened , the Egyptian leader needed to ally himself with Arafat , who in turn took the Arab nationalist leader as his role model .	   For Arafat , his improved relationship with Nasser was an important counterweight to his strained ties with Syria and Jordan , both of which wanted to bring him to heel .	19	0	17
It was as he tried to mediate between Arafat and Jordan 's King Hussein following the 1970 Black September conflict that a sick and overworked Nasser died of a heart attack .	For Arafat , his improved relationship with Nasser was an important counterweight to his strained ties with Syria and Jordan , both of which wanted to bring him to heel .	   Despite their obvious differences in temperament , relations between Arafat and the new pro - Western president Sadat were initially good .	6	14	20
When Mubarak rose to power in October 1981 following Sadat 's assassination , he sought to renew contact with the Palestinian leadership and open dialogue with Arafat , as Egypt itself returned to the Arab fold .	The definitive split between the two leaders came in 1979 when Arafat rejected Sadat 's offer to join peace negotiations with Israel in Cairo , where a seat had been left vacant for him .	   Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	2	0	1
When Mubarak rose to power in October 1981 following Sadat 's assassination , he sought to renew contact with the Palestinian leadership and open dialogue with Arafat , as Egypt itself returned to the Arab fold .	The definitive split between the two leaders came in 1979 when Arafat rejected Sadat 's offer to join peace negotiations with Israel in Cairo , where a seat had been left vacant for him .	   Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	2	5	8
When Mubarak rose to power in October 1981 following Sadat 's assassination , he sought to renew contact with the Palestinian leadership and open dialogue with Arafat , as Egypt itself returned to the Arab fold .	The definitive split between the two leaders came in 1979 when Arafat rejected Sadat 's offer to join peace negotiations with Israel in Cairo , where a seat had been left vacant for him .	   Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	2	8	12
When Mubarak rose to power in October 1981 following Sadat 's assassination , he sought to renew contact with the Palestinian leadership and open dialogue with Arafat , as Egypt itself returned to the Arab fold .	The definitive split between the two leaders came in 1979 when Arafat rejected Sadat 's offer to join peace negotiations with Israel in Cairo , where a seat had been left vacant for him .	   Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	14	0	12
When Mubarak rose to power in October 1981 following Sadat 's assassination , he sought to renew contact with the Palestinian leadership and open dialogue with Arafat , as Egypt itself returned to the Arab fold .	The definitive split between the two leaders came in 1979 when Arafat rejected Sadat 's offer to join peace negotiations with Israel in Cairo , where a seat had been left vacant for him .	   Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	16	28	36
Cairo is now helping Palestinians to prepare the unilateral withdrawal of Israeli forces and settlers from the Gaza Strip due to take place in 2005 , notably by training Palestinian police officers .	Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	   Mubarak declared a three - day mourning period following the 75-year - old leader 's death in France on Thursday , with some world leaders expected to attend his funeral in Cairo , before he is buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .	3	2	3
Cairo is now helping Palestinians to prepare the unilateral withdrawal of Israeli forces and settlers from the Gaza Strip due to take place in 2005 , notably by training Palestinian police officers .	Since then , Mubarak has consistently been in favour of a two - state solution to the Middle East conflict .	   Mubarak declared a three - day mourning period following the 75-year - old leader 's death in France on Thursday , with some world leaders expected to attend his funeral in Cairo , before he is buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .	21	23	25
In the event of his death , a number of Arab heads of state are expected to attend Arafat 's funeral in Cairo , before he is buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .	Cairo is now helping Palestinians to prepare the unilateral withdrawal of Israeli forces and settlers from the Gaza Strip due to take place in 2005 , notably by training Palestinian police officers .	NONE	15	0	6
In the event of his death , a number of Arab heads of state are expected to attend Arafat 's funeral in Cairo , before he is buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .	Cairo is now helping Palestinians to prepare the unilateral withdrawal of Israeli forces and settlers from the Gaza Strip due to take place in 2005 , notably by training Palestinian police officers .	NONE	17	24	35
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .	NONE	   As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	8	13	14
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .	NONE	   As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	8	19	38
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .	NONE	   As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	24	31	38
" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .	As the punishing beat of ground and air fire tore into pockets of resistance and militants who remained vowed to fight to the death , the Red Crescent painted a grim picture of conditions inside and sent a small team to evaluate .	   At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .	11	18	41
At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .	" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .	   Militants clad in black clashed from the roof of a battle - scarred block with marines in an intense fire - fight , while four less skilled rebel snipers were killed as they confronted the troops from another building in the battered heart of the city , an AFP reporter embedded with the military said .	11	19	22
At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .	" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .	   Militants clad in black clashed from the roof of a battle - scarred block with marines in an intense fire - fight , while four less skilled rebel snipers were killed as they confronted the troops from another building in the battered heart of the city , an AFP reporter embedded with the military said .	11	23	39
Hopelessly outnumbered , and with their leaders apparently gone , rebels said they would fight to the end for their stronghold , which became a no - go area for US forces after a battle in April ended in stalemate and the military withdrew .	Several bodies littered the streets as troops advanced cautiously from house - to - house , or rooftop - to - rooftop , barging through walls to avoid becoming easy targets out in the open .	   One told AFP that he wanted the shelling to stop so he could confront the US soldiers face - to - face , saying that he preferred " a war in the streets " .	14	32	44
At least 10,000 US troops from a pool of 20,000 , who have been gathering outside Fallujah since the middle of October , have fanned out inside the city since Monday , backed by 2,000 Iraqi soldiers .	Despite the resilience of some fighters , the overall resistance -- believed to number some 2,000 to 2,500 rebels -- was less effective than expected , with one marine officer describing it as " unorganised " .	   Prime Minister Iyad Allawi launched the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion as part of his efforts to crush a potent insurgency that bludgeons his US - backed government on a daily basis .	14	17	22
At least 10,000 US troops from a pool of 20,000 , who have been gathering outside Fallujah since the middle of October , have fanned out inside the city since Monday , backed by 2,000 Iraqi soldiers .	Despite the resilience of some fighters , the overall resistance -- believed to number some 2,000 to 2,500 rebels -- was less effective than expected , with one marine officer describing it as " unorganised " .	   Prime Minister Iyad Allawi launched the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion as part of his efforts to crush a potent insurgency that bludgeons his US - backed government on a daily basis .	24	29	31
There are no clear figures about how many civilians have been caughtthe main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the full - scale offensive on Monday , Ibadi said .	The casualties could not be independently verified .	   " Our first mission is to obtain permission from the multinational forces to enter the city and start evacuating the wounded , the elderly , the children and women , " the Red Crescent spokeswoman explained .	17	23	33
There are no clear figures about how many civilians have been caughtthe main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the full - scale offensive on Monday , Ibadi said .	The casualties could not be independently verified .	   " Our first mission is to obtain permission from the multinational forces to enter the city and start evacuating the wounded , the elderly , the children and women , " the Red Crescent spokeswoman explained .	25	31	33
The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .	Vanderlei Cordeiro de Lima was in the lead in the closing stages of the Athens marathon and heading for gold when he was pushed into a group of spectators by Cornelius Horan .	   But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .	8	7	8
The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .	Vanderlei Cordeiro de Lima was in the lead in the closing stages of the Athens marathon and heading for gold when he was pushed into a group of spectators by Cornelius Horan .	   But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .	8	13	27
The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .	Vanderlei Cordeiro de Lima was in the lead in the closing stages of the Athens marathon and heading for gold when he was pushed into a group of spectators by Cornelius Horan .	   But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .	14	13	14
The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .	Vanderlei Cordeiro de Lima was in the lead in the closing stages of the Athens marathon and heading for gold when he was pushed into a group of spectators by Cornelius Horan .	   But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .	14	20	27
The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .	Vanderlei Cordeiro de Lima was in the lead in the closing stages of the Athens marathon and heading for gold when he was pushed into a group of spectators by Cornelius Horan .	   But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .	28	32	34
But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .	The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .	   " I do n't think it would be very useful , " he said .	5	1	3
" The meeting would give him publicity and that would encourage him to do the same thing again , " Lima explained .	" I do n't think it would be very useful , " he said .	   " And I 'm not enamoured with the idea of the same thing happening agan .	13	17	18
The 57-year - old prankster was handed a 12 month suspended sentence at the end of August , and was handed a 3000 euro fine and barred from all sports events for the attack .	I think he deserves to have an apology in his own language , because it 's an important message . "	   De Lima went on to take bronze behind Stefano Baldini of Italy and at the closing ceremony was awarded a medal by the International Olympic Committee named after the founder of the modern Games , Pierre De Coubertin , in recognition of his " exceptional demonstration of fair play and Olympic values " .	6	12	17
CAS will deliver its decision within four months .	But de Lima has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) in a bid to be given a gold medal alongside Baldini .	   fp / chc / nr / jd04    Oly-2004-BRA - marathon - priest	2	5	8
The deteriorating situation in Ivory Coast could lead to a mass exodus of refugees that would destabilise neighbouring countries in west Africa , the UN refugee chief warned Wednesday .	NONE	   " Ivorians are fleeing their homes because they are scared , " UN High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers said in a statement .	27	28	29
Up to 5,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia since a flare - up in violence in Ivory Coast last Thursday , according to the UNHCR 's headquarters in Geneva .	It is essential that a quick and peaceful solution be found to avoid such a disastrous scenario , " he added .	   Lubber 's warning came as France began evacuating its nationals from Ivory Coast after days of anti - French demonstrations that came in response to France 's destruction of the Ivorian air force , which in turn was retaliation for the deaths of nine French peacekeepers .	5	8	20
" At such a difficult and fragile stage in the rehabilitation of Liberia , a large influx of new refugees from Ivory Coo be completed before 2007 .	The UN refugee chief also warned that any sudden flight of the 70,000 Liberian refugees who are mainly in the government - controlled south of Ivory Coast could destablise neighbouring Liberia as it seeks to pull out of 14 years of civil war .	NONE	24	1	13
" At such a difficult and fragile stage in the rehabilitation of Liberia , a large influx of new refugees from Ivory Coo be completed before 2007 .	The UN refugee chief also warned that any sudden flight of the 70,000 Liberian refugees who are mainly in the government - controlled south of Ivory Coast could destablise neighbouring Liberia as it seeks to pull out of 14 years of civil war .	NONE	24	25	27
Bosnian Croat war crimes suspect Miroslav Bralo surrendered Wednesday to representatives of the international community in Bosnia , the Croatian justice ministry said .	NONE	   " Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " it said in a statement .	7	8	9
" Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " the ministry said in a statement .	Bosnian Croat war crimes suspect Miroslav Bralo surrendered Wednesday to representatives of the international community in Bosnia , the Croatian justice ministry said .	   The UN war crimes tribunal at The Hague has indicted Bralo , 37 , with 21 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity , including the rape and torture of Muslims , during Bosnia 's 1992 - 95 war .	11	12	13
The UN court charged Bralo in 1995 , but kept his indictment secret until mid - October to help police track him down .	Bralo , also known as Cicko , was a member of a notorious special forces unit known as " The Jokers " during the war under the command of Anto Furundzija , who was sentenced to 10 years prison by the UN tribunal for war crimes in 1998 .	   The Croatian government did not elaborate on who Bralo surrendered to but said it had informed the UN war crimes court that he had given himself up .	3	5	7
The UN court charged Bralo in 1995 , but kept his indictment secret until mid - October to help police track him down .	Bralo , also known as Cicko , was a member of a notorious special forces unit known as " The Jokers " during the war under the command of Anto Furundzija , who was sentenced to 10 years prison by the UN tribunal for war crimes in 1998 .	   The Croatian government did not elaborate on who Bralo surrendered to but said it had informed the UN war crimes court that he had given himself up .	9	13	17
Chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte recently blasted Zagreb for not detaining the 37-year - old fugitive , saying he had been pinpointed in Croatia earlier this year .	The Croatian government did not elaborate on who Bralo surrendered to but said it had informed the UN war crimes court that he had given himself up .	   Media reports have said he was hiding in the central Croatian town of Knin under a false identity .	9	8	9
Chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte recently blasted Zagreb for not detaining the 37-year - old fugitive , saying he had been pinpointed in Croatia earlier this year .	The Croatian government did not elaborate on who Bralo surrendered to but said it had informed the UN war crimes court that he had given himself up .	   Media reports have said he was hiding in the central Croatian town of Knin under a false identity .	24	27	30
Although allies against ethnic Serbs during most of Bosnia 's war , Croats and Muslims fought each other for 11 months in 1993 - 94 .	" Bralo was transferred to The Hague yesterday morning under the terms of the SFOR ( NATO - led Stabilisation Force ) mandate , " a statement by the peacekeepers said .	   Bralo was a member of a notorious special forces unit known as " The Jokers " under the command of Anto Furundzija , sentenced in 1998 to 10 years prison by the UN tribunal for war crimes .	15	18	21
Although allies against ethnic Serbs during most of Bosnia 's war , Croats and Muslims fought each other for 11 months in 1993 - 94 .	" Bralo was transferred to The Hague yesterday morning under the terms of the SFOR ( NATO - led Stabilisation Force ) mandate , " a statement by the peacekeepers said .	   Bralo was a member of a notorious special forces unit known as " The Jokers " under the command of Anto Furundzija , sentenced in 1998 to 10 years prison by the UN tribunal for war crimes .	15	21	25
An American soldier was fatally wounded and two insurgents killed as attackers ambushed a military patrol in southern Baghdad on Tuesday , the US army said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The soldier was wounded in the assault but later died in hospital of his injuries , the military said in a brief statement .	9	10	21
An American soldier was fatally wounded and two insurgents killed as attackers ambushed a military patrol in southern Baghdad on Tuesday , the US army said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The soldier was wounded in the assault but later died in hospital of his injuries , the military said in a brief statement .	12	19	21
An American soldier was fatally wounded and two insurgents killed as attackers ambushed a military patrol in southern Baghdad on Tuesday , the US army said on Wednesday .	NONE	   The soldier was wounded in the assault but later died in hospital of his injuries , the military said in a brief statement .	25	26	28
The soldier was wounded in the assault but later died in hospital of his injuries , the military said in a brief statement .	An American soldier was fatally wounded and two insurgents killed as attackers ambushed a military patrol in southern Baghdad on Tuesday , the US army said on Wednesday .	   The latest US death brings to 1,147 the number of American troops killed in Iraq since the US - led invasion in March 2003 , according to Pentagon figures .	9	8	9
The latest US death brings to 1,147 the number of American troops killed in Iraq since the US - led invasion in March 2003 , according to Pentagon figures .	The soldier was wounded in the assault but later died in hospital of his injuries , the military said in a brief statement .	NONE	12	15	24
An ad campaign launched here Wednesday aims to persuade French households to switch back to tap water rather than fork out on the bottled variety .	NONE	   " You 're free to pay 100 times more , " quips one poster in a humorous campaign by the public water authority for the region surrounding Paris that targets four million inhabitants .	3	5	6
In France , bottled water consumption has doubled in 20 years to reach 130 litres a year per inhabitant , the regional water authority said .	The posters display bottles resembling known brands that are labelled " Eau du Robinet " , or tap water .	  ( AFP )   Cooking , shopping talents earns Germany 's ' house man ' 2004 award   BERLIN : A man from Flensburg , western Germany was named " house man " of the year for his ability to cook a pizza and the speed with which he gets the shopping done , organisers of the nationwide competition said this week .	7	8	11
And the World Cup - winning full - back , who only switched codes in November 2000 , said new England coach Andy Robinson 's offer of the captaincy had caught him unawares .	Sale skipper Robinson , 29 , is the first former rugby league player and first black man to be appointed captain of the England union team .	   " I was surprised , very surprised , " Jason Robinson told reporters at England 's training base here Wednesday . "	12	14	17
" I was surprised , very surprised , " Jason Robinson told reporters at England 's training base here Wednesday . "	And the World Cup - winning full - back , who only switched codes in November 2000 , said new England coach Andy Robinson 's offer of the captaincy had caught him unawares .	Andy told me to have a think about it which I did .	11	19	20
I knew , like I had always done , to go away and pray about it and come back the next day and there was no doubt in my mind I wanted to do it .	" Although deep down inside I was very excited about it , I could n't stop smiling .	   " It 's only this year when Philippe Saint - Andre asked me to be Sale captain that I 'd ever thought about captaincy .	7	6	7
I knew , like I had always done , to go away and pray about it and come back the next day and there was no doubt in my mind I wanted to do it .	" Although deep down inside I was very excited about it , I could n't stop smiling .	   " It 's only this year when Philippe Saint - Andre asked me to be Sale captain that I 'd ever thought about captaincy .	17	19	22
" It 's only this year when Philippe Saint - Andre asked me to be Sale captain that I 'd ever thought about captaincy .	I knew , like I had always done , to go away and pray about it and come back the next day and there was no doubt in my mind I wanted to do it .	   " It 's something I 've took on .	21	20	21
Robinson 's promotion to captain only came after star fly - half Jonny Wilkinson , Andy Robinson 's original choice to succeed the Test - retired Lawrence Dallaglio , was forced out with an arm injury .	I wo n't make all the decisions myself . "	   Wilkinson is set to miss the Twickenham Tests against Tri - Nations champions South Africa and World Cup finalists Australia later this month .	6	7	36
Wilkinson is set to miss the Twickenham Tests against Tri - Nations champions South Africa and World Cup finalists Australia later this month .	Robinson 's promotion to captain only came after star fly - half Jonny Wilkinson , Andy Robinson 's original choice to succeed the Test - retired Lawrence Dallaglio , was forced out with an arm injury .	Jason Robinson said he had no problem being a ' stop - gap ' skipper .	4	20	23
" At this moment in time I 've been asked to do a job this week and we 'll take it from there . "	Jason Robinson said he had no problem being a ' stop - gap ' skipper .	   When union was an amateur game , money meant the traffic between it and league was largely one way .	9	1	6
" At this moment in time I 've been asked to do a job this week and we 'll take it from there . "	Jason Robinson said he had no problem being a ' stop - gap ' skipper .	   When union was an amateur game , money meant the traffic between it and league was largely one way .	11	14	16
The United Nations on Wednesday announced it would evacuate non - essential staff from Ivory Coast , where violence and riots have been escalating over the past few days .	NONE	   " It is true that we are now looking to temporarily relocate any non - essential staff , " UN spokesman Fred Eckhard said .	5	3	5
The United Nations on Wednesday announced it would evacuate non - essential staff from Ivory Coast , where violence and riots have been escalating over the past few days .	NONE	   " It is true that we are now looking to temporarily relocate any non - essential staff , " UN spokesman Fred Eckhard said .	23	24	29
National media in the troubled west African country have been filled with anti - French messages and calls for protesters to rampage in the streets after France wiped out almost all of the Ivory Coast air force on Saturday .	" I do n't think we want to say anything more about what has obviously become a dangerous situation for all foreigners , " he added .	   That move came in retaliation for the death of nine French peacekeepers in a government air raid on rebel positions in the north of the divided country .	21	25	39
National media in the troubled west African country have been filled with anti - French messages and calls for protesters to rampage in the streets after France wiped out almost all of the Ivory Coast air force on Saturday .	" I do n't think we want to say anything more about what has obviously become a dangerous situation for all foreigners , " he added .	   That move came in retaliation for the death of nine French peacekeepers in a government air raid on rebel positions in the north of the divided country .	27	37	39
Dutch police ended a major raid on an apartment where suspected terrorists had been holed up here since early Wednesday , arresting two people .	NONE	   " One suspect was hurt in the shoulder .	14	17	20
Police evacuated five city streets and banned air traffic over the Hague after the suspects hurled a grenade that injured three officers in the pre - dawn raid .	The Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau news agency ANP news agency earlier reported that the police siege had ended .	   The siege ratcheted up tension in the Netherlands , which has been on high alert since the November 2 murder of Dutch movie director Theo van Gogh .	1	12	25
Police evacuated five city streets and banned air traffic over the Hague after the suspects hurled a grenade that injured three officers in the pre - dawn raid .	The Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau news agency ANP news agency earlier reported that the police siege had ended .	   The siege ratcheted up tension in the Netherlands , which has been on high alert since the November 2 murder of Dutch movie director Theo van Gogh .	6	12	28
The siege ratcheted up tension in the Netherlands , which has been on high alert since the November 2 murder of Dutch movie director Theo van Gogh .	Police evacuated five city streets and banned air traffic over the Hague after the suspects hurled a grenade that injured three officers in the pre - dawn raid .	   Van Gogh was shot and knifed to death by a suspected Islamic radical in Amsterdam after making a movie critical of Islamic treatment of women .	11	15	27
Van Gogh was shot and knifed to death by a suspected Islamic radical in Amsterdam after making a movie critical of Islamic treatment of women .	The siege ratcheted up tension in the Netherlands , which has been on high alert since the November 2 murder of Dutch movie director Theo van Gogh .	   Witnesses said calm around the besieged apartment house returned Wednesday evening .	3	15	25
Van Gogh was shot and knifed to death by a suspected Islamic radical in Amsterdam after making a movie critical of Islamic treatment of women .	The siege ratcheted up tension in the Netherlands , which has been on high alert since the November 2 murder of Dutch movie director Theo van Gogh .	   Witnesses said calm around the besieged apartment house returned Wednesday evening .	5	15	25
Witnesses said calm around the besieged apartment house returned Wednesday evening .	Van Gogh was shot and knifed to death by a suspected Islamic radical in Amsterdam after making a movie critical of Islamic treatment of women .	But earlier in the day , scuffles broke out bett 2:45 am ( 0145 GMT ) a special squad of the police made an attempt to arrest suspects in an ongoing terrorism investigation .	8	9	11
But earlier in the day , scuffles broke out bett 2:45 am ( 0145 GMT ) a special squad of the police made an attempt to arrest suspects in an ongoing terrorism investigation .	Witnesses said calm around the besieged apartment house returned Wednesday evening .	A grenade was thrown at police and three policemen were wounded , " The Hague prosecutor Han Moraal told reporters .	7	9	16
The US Treasury Department on Wednesday charged that the Peruvian airline Aero Continente is a financial front for alleged drug trafficker Fernando Zevallos Gonzalez , and banned US nationals and businesses from doing business with the carrier .	NONE	   The department also blocked Aero Continente assets in US jusrisdiction .	6	4	6
The US Treasury Department on Wednesday charged that the Peruvian airline Aero Continente is a financial front for alleged drug trafficker Fernando Zevallos Gonzalez , and banned US nationals and businesses from doing business with the carrier .	NONE	   The department also blocked Aero Continente assets in US jusrisdiction .	26	4	6
The department put Zevallos Gonzalez , the airline 's founder , on its list of drug kingpins June 1 .	Aero Continente changed its name to Nuevo Continente and supposedly changed ownership after the Treasury Department began to investigate it last June but " despite the ostensible ownership change , the airline was unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Treasury Department that all ties with the airline 's former owners had been severed . "	NONE	2	17	19
The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .	NONE	   After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	2	8	9
The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .	NONE	   After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	20	19	20
The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .	NONE	   After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	20	21	36
After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .	   The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .	9	0	4
After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .	   The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .	9	14	18
After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .	   The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .	9	20	23
The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .	After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .	   The euro rallied for technical reasons shortly after the release of official data showing the US trade deficit was unexpectedly cut to 51.6 billion dollars in September from 53.5 billion in August .	2	8	10
The euro rallied for technical reasons shortly after the release of official data showing the US trade deficit was unexpectedly cut to 51.6 billion dollars in September from 53.5 billion in August .	The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .	The figure was much better than analyst forecasts for a trade deficit of around 53.8 billion dollars .	2	6	32
The euro rallied for technical reasons shortly after the release of official data showing the US trade deficit was unexpectedly cut to 51.6 billion dollars in September from 53.5 billion in August .	The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .	The figure was much better than analyst forecasts for a trade deficit of around 53.8 billion dollars .	20	25	27
Trading in options contracts pushed the euro briefly to the new high , before profit - taking set in .	Additionally , jobless figures showed an improvement in the US labour market , with weekly claims numbers rising 2,000 to 333,000 , against expectations for a total of around 337,000 .	   " When the trade data came out the euro - dollar knee - jerked lower on the idea that it was dollar - positive data , " said ABN Amro currency analyst Paul Mackel .	4	13	19
Norfield said the euro would likely make further probes past 1.30 dollars in the weeks ahead but doubted it would be anything substantial in the coming days given technical positions in the market and the existence of options barriers .	The dollar 's slide in recent weeks , and indeed months , has been fuelled by ongoing concerns about the US ' ability to fund its trade gap .	   " We 're not greatly bullish on the euro in the short - term but we 're keeping an eye on what long - term investors are doing , " he said .	6	12	16
Norfield said the euro would likely make further probes past 1.30 dollars in the weeks ahead but doubted it would be anything substantial in the coming days given technical positions in the market and the existence of options barriers .	The dollar 's slide in recent weeks , and indeed months , has been fuelled by ongoing concerns about the US ' ability to fund its trade gap .	   " We 're not greatly bullish on the euro in the short - term but we 're keeping an eye on what long - term investors are doing , " he said .	20	23	27
Norfield said the euro would likely make further probes past 1.30 dollars in the weeks ahead but doubted it would be anything substantial in the coming days given technical positions in the market and the existence of options barriers .	The dollar 's slide in recent weeks , and indeed months , has been fuelled by ongoing concerns about the US ' ability to fund its trade gap .	   " We 're not greatly bullish on the euro in the short - term but we 're keeping an eye on what long - term investors are doing , " he said .	27	23	26
The focus will therefore be on the FOMC 's accompanying statement for clues as to whether there will be another hike in December .	The market is looking ahead to this evening 's meeting of the US Federal Open Market Committee , where US interest rates are widely expected to be hiked by a quarter point .	   Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein analysts said the market would be looking for any " subtle change " in the wording , particularly whether the Fed will retain the phrase that " policy accommodation can be removed at a pace that is likely to be measured " .	18	21	23
The euro was changing hands at 1.2905 dollars from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York , 138.19 yen ( 136.29 ) , 0.6997 pounds ( 0.6941 ) and 1.5243 Swiss francs ( 1.5260 ) .	Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein analysts said the market would be looking for any " subtle change " in the wording , particularly whether the Fed will retain the phrase that " policy accommodation can be removed at a pace that is likely to be measured " .	   The dollar stood at 106.95 yen ( 105.65 ) and 1.1795 Swiss francs ( 1.1829 ) .	3	10	13
On the London Bullion Market , the price of an ounce of gold stood at 433.40 dollars against 433.35 late on Tuesday .	The pound was at 1.8475 dollars ( 1.8576 ) , 197.58 yen ( 196.25 ) and 2.1791 Swiss francs ( 2.1976 ) .	NONE	13	19	22
White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales will succeed Attorney General John Ashcroft , who resigned on Tuesday , US media reported Wednesday .	NONE	   White House spokesman Scott McClellan refused to confirm the reports , which said an announcement would be made on Wednesday .	13	14	16
White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales will succeed Attorney General John Ashcroft , who resigned on Tuesday , US media reported Wednesday .	NONE	   White House spokesman Scott McClellan refused to confirm the reports , which said an announcement would be made on Wednesday .	19	20	21
White House spokesman Scott McClellan refused to confirm the reports , which said an announcement would be made on Wednesday .	White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales will succeed Attorney General John Ashcroft , who resigned on Tuesday , US media reported Wednesday .	   Gonzales , 49 , one of President George W. Bush 's closest advisers , would be the first Hispanic to run the Justice Department .	17	18	20
He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before being elected president .	Gonzales , 49 , one of President George W. Bush 's closest advisers , would be the first Hispanic to run the Justice Department .	   Re - elected for a second four - year term on November 2 , Bush signaled last week that major personnel changes within his administration were inevitable .	2	1	2
He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before being elected president .	Gonzales , 49 , one of President George W. Bush 's closest advisers , would be the first Hispanic to run the Justice Department .	   Re - elected for a second four - year term on November 2 , Bush signaled last week that major personnel changes within his administration were inevitable .	11	13	17
Re - elected for a second four - year term on November 2 , Bush signaled last week that major personnel changes within his administration were inevitable .	He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before becoming US president .	   In addition to Ashcroft , Commerce Secretary Donald Evans has also resigned .	2	10	13
Re - elected for a second four - year term on November 2 , Bush signaled last week that major personnel changes within his administration were inevitable .	He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before becoming US president .	   In addition to Ashcroft , Commerce Secretary Donald Evans has also resigned .	15	16	18
Two Palestinian gunmen were shot dead by Israeli forces Wednesday during a firefight in the northern Gaza Strip , the Israeli military said .	NONE	   " Two Palestinian gunmen opened fire and threw hand grenades at an IDF ( army ) force northeast of Jabaliya , " a military spokeswoman told AFP .	4	9	10
Two Palestinian gunmen were shot dead by Israeli forces Wednesday during a firefight in the northern Gaza Strip , the Israeli military said .	NONE	   " Two Palestinian gunmen opened fire and threw hand grenades at an IDF ( army ) force northeast of Jabaliya , " a military spokeswoman told AFP .	4	10	18
The deaths brought the total number of people killed since the beginning of the intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 to 4,571 , including 3,536 Palestinians and 961 Israelis , according to an AFP count .	The radical movement Hamas , in a statement sent to AFP in Gaza City , named the two Palestinians killed as Mohammed el - Mashur and Jihad Abu Salama , 19 , and said they were members of its armed wing , the Ezzedine al - Qassam Brigades .	NONE	8	9	11
Scotland 's semi - autonomous government has agreed to ban smoking in enclosed public places under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	NONE	   " Too many people smoke , and too many people die or fall ill from cancer , stroke and heart disease , " McConnell told Scotland 's parliament after a unanimous vote of the country 's ruling executive in Edinburgh .	19	20	22
Scotland 's semi - autonomous government has agreed to ban smoking in enclosed public places under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	NONE	   " Too many people smoke , and too many people die or fall ill from cancer , stroke and heart disease , " McConnell told Scotland 's parliament after a unanimous vote of the country 's ruling executive in Edinburgh .	27	28	30
" Too many people smoke , and too many people die or fall ill from cancer , stroke and heart disease , " McConnell told Scotland 's parliament after a unanimous vote of the country 's ruling executive in Edinburgh .	Scotland 's semi - autonomous government has agreed to ban smoking in enclosed public places under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .	   " The single largest cause of preventable premature death in Scotland is smoking , " said McConnell pointing to a total of 13,000 smoking - related deaths a year .	24	28	40
The British government has taken an increasingly tough line on tobacco , and has been keeping a close eye on a wide - ranging ban on all smoking in public places introduced in Ireland earlier this year .	" The Scottish Executive 's decision to bring in legislatifollows similar action in Ireland , Norway and in some parts of the United States .	   The ban on smoking in pubs , restaurants and other public areas was controversial when it was introduced , but subsequent opinion polls have found the measure to be popular with the Irish public .	31	34	37
At least 4,000 of the 5,500 inmates at the main prison in the Ivory Coast commercial capital Abidjan took advantage of work on a new security system to break out of jail over the weekend , officials said Wednesday .	NONE	   The prisoners hoisted themselves down through the sewage tunnels stretching from the facility to the nearby Banco national forest , the sources told AFP , in a jailbreak that had nothing to do with the weekend of violence and turmoil that exploded in Abidjan .	28	32	35
At least 4,000 of the 5,500 inmates at the main prison in the Ivory Coast commercial capital Abidjan took advantage of work on a new security system to break out of jail over the weekend , officials said Wednesday .	NONE	   The prisoners hoisted themselves down through the sewage tunnels stretching from the facility to the nearby Banco national forest , the sources told AFP , in a jailbreak that had nothing to do with the weekend of violence and turmoil that exploded in Abidjan .	37	38	39
The escapees were huddled together in the yard at the Abidjan detention and correction facility ( MACA ) while work to repair locks and bars broken in a mutiny two weeks ago was ongoing .	The prisoners hoisted themselves down through the sewage tunnels stretching from the facility to the nearby Banco national forest , the sources told AFP , in a jailbreak that had nothing to do with the weekend of violence and turmoil that exploded in Abidjan .	   The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard .	3	18	34
The escapees were huddled together in the yard at the Abidjan detention and correction facility ( MACA ) while work to repair locks and bars broken in a mutiny two weeks ago was ongoing .	The prisoners hoisted themselves down through the sewage tunnels stretching from the facility to the nearby Banco national forest , the sources told AFP , in a jailbreak that had nothing to do with the weekend of violence and turmoil that exploded in Abidjan .	   The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard .	25	29	32
The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard .	The escapees were huddled together in the yard at the Abidjan detention and correction facility ( MACA ) while work to repair locks and bars broken in a mutiny two weeks ago was ongoing .	   Fewer than 1,000 prisoners remained at MACA on Wednesday , among them 99 women , whose cells stayed firmly locked .	4	5	6
The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard .	The escapees were huddled together in the yard at the Abidjan detention and correction facility ( MACA ) while work to repair locks and bars broken in a mutiny two weeks ago was ongoing .	   Fewer than 1,000 prisoners remained at MACA on Wednesday , among them 99 women , whose cells stayed firmly locked .	9	10	16
Fewer than 1,000 prisoners remained at MACA on Wednesday , among them 99 women , whose cells stayed firmly locked .	The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard .	NONE	4	7	9
The Mozilla Foundation , a non - profit group " dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet , " announced the release this week of its Firefox 1.0 browser after issuing a preview version last month downloaded by some eight million people .	A new front has been opened in the long - dormant browser war , with an open - source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft 's dominant Internet Explorer .	   Although Explorer , integrated into the Windows operating system used on most personal computers , has dominated the browser market , recent security problems with Explorer have prompted renewed interest in other browsers .	22	32	45
The Mozilla Foundation , a non - profit group " dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet , " announced the release this week of its Firefox 1.0 browser after issuing a preview version last month downloaded by some eight million people .	A new front has been opened in the long - dormant browser war , with an open - source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft 's dominant Internet Explorer .	   Although Explorer , integrated into the Windows operating system used on most personal computers , has dominated the browser market , recent security problems with Explorer have prompted renewed interest in other browsers .	33	37	39
The Mozilla Foundation , a non - profit group " dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet , " announced the release this week of its Firefox 1.0 browser after issuing a preview version last month downloaded by some eight million people .	A new front has been opened in the long - dormant browser war , with an open - source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft 's dominant Internet Explorer .	   Although Explorer , integrated into the Windows operating system used on most personal computers , has dominated the browser market , recent security problems with Explorer have prompted renewed interest in other browsers .	39	37	39
In early November , Computerworld reported that Firefox 's market share had risen to six percent .	Although Explorer , integrated into the Windows operating system used on most personal computers , has dominated the browser market , recent security problems with Explorer have prompted renewed interest in other browsers .	Among early adopters , 14 percent of visitors to Computerworld 's website were using Firefox , according to the online magazine .	5	0	3
Mozilla provided the basis for the original Netscape browser that dominated the early Internet before being crowded out by Microsoft .	It also claims to help protect against some fraud schemes by displaying the true identity of sites in an effort to thwart " spoofed " sites mimicking a legitimate website .	Netscape , now part of AOL Time Warner , has its own browser , which shares some features with Firefox .	10	14	20
African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo was Wednesday consulting with African leaders with plans to convene an urgent summit to decide on action over the Ivory Coast crisis , an official statement said .	NONE	   " Obasanjo has in his capacity as the current chairman of the African Union begun consultations on what the Union should do to address the serious situation , " said the statement from the Nigerian president 's spokeswoman , Oluremi Oyo .	7	6	7
The first of four planned flights took off Wednesday afternoon from Abidjan , carrying 270 of the 14,000 French nationals in France 's former star colony in west Africa , the world 's top cocoa producer .	The AU chairman 's move came as an exodus from Ivory Coast began Wednesday with a first planeload of French nationals , while thousands of Ivorians fled to escape a week of deadly violence , amid new tensions that sent thousands into Abidjan 's streets .	   The AU had on Saturday after a crisis meeting held at Obasanjo 's farm in Otta , about 60 kilometres ( 38 miles ) north ola - ade / nb	6	8	10
The AU had on Saturday after a crisis meeting held at Obasanjo 's farm in Otta , about 60 kilometres ( 38 miles ) north ola - ade / nb	The first of four planned flights took off Wednesday afternoon from Abidjan , carrying 270 of the 14,000 French nationals in France 's former star colony in west Africa , the world 's top cocoa producer .	NONE	2	3	5
The AU had on Saturday after a crisis meeting held at Obasanjo 's farm in Otta , about 60 kilometres ( 38 miles ) north ola - ade / nb	The first of four planned flights took off Wednesday afternoon from Abidjan , carrying 270 of the 14,000 French nationals in France 's former star colony in west Africa , the world 's top cocoa producer .	NONE	2	5	30
A British fraudster who passed himself off as a top - flight football player and a Formula 1 racing driver was sentenced Wednesday to a five - year jail term in Belgium .	NONE	   Paul Jones , 38 , who posed variously as a Manchester United or Liverpool football player , a driver for Formula 1 team MacLaren or as an airline pilot , was convicted of defrauding around 150 Belgians of at least 700,000 euros .	21	22	23
Jones had already been sentenced to 45 months ' jail in the Netherlands for fraud , Belga said .	The court of appeal in Brussels ordered the seizure of 700,000 euros held in accounts in Turkish Cyprus controlled by Jones to repay 56 people who sued him in a civil action .	NONE	4	2	3
The Group of Seven richest countries is considering coordinated intervention on currency markets to stabilise foreign exchange rates , Italian Economy Minister Domenico Siniscalco said Wednesday .	NONE	   " We are talking again about intervention , not unilateral but a coordinated intervention , " he said .	24	25	26
France began Wednesday evacuating its nationals with four flights planned to take the most vulnerable people away from Ivory Coast , where an explosion of anti - French violence has made even longtime residents rush to pack their bags .	NONE	   A first Boeing 777 took off shortly after midday carrying 270 people , French military officials said at the airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .	1	2	3
A first Boeing 777 took off shortly after midday carrying 270 people , French military officials said at the airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .	France began Wednesday evacuating its nationals with four flights planned to take the most vulnerable people away from Ivory Coast , where an explosion of anti - French violence has made even longtime residents rush to pack their bags .	   An Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off shortly after , airport officials said , with the third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .	4	6	9
A first Boeing 777 took off shortly after midday carrying 270 people , French military officials said at the airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .	France began Wednesday evacuating its nationals with four flights planned to take the most vulnerable people away from Ivory Coast , where an explosion of anti - French violence has made even longtime residents rush to pack their bags .	   An Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off shortly after , airport officials said , with the third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .	24	36	38
An Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off shortly after , airport officials said , with the third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .	A first Boeing 777 took off shortly after midday carrying 270 people , French military officials said at the airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .	   A Spanish air force Boeing 707 , with a capacity for 160 passengers , was sparkling on the tarmac Wednesday afternoon in Abidjan to carry off between 40 and 50 Spaniards along with a smattering of other expatriates .	8	10	12
An Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off shortly after , airport officials said , with the third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .	A first Boeing 777 took off shortly after midday carrying 270 people , French military officials said at the airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .	   A Spanish air force Boeing 707 , with a capacity for 160 passengers , was sparkling on the tarmac Wednesday afternoon in Abidjan to carry off between 40 and 50 Spaniards along with a smattering of other expatriates .	25	26	28
A Spanish air force Boeing 707 , with a capacity for 160 passengers , was sparkling on the tarmac Wednesday afternoon in Abidjan to carry off between 40 and 50 Spaniards along with a smattering of other expatriates .	An Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off shortly after , airport officials said , with the third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .	   The United Nations , which counts 760 people in its current operation in Ivory Coast ( ONUCI ) as well as another 120 humanitarian aid personnel , in addition to some 6,200 peacekeepers , also began evacuating its non - essential staff and their family members .	15	19	21
" Three planes will land this evening ( in Abidjan ) and will allow anyone who wishes to be repatriated to leave , " she said on France 3 television .	Frence Defense Minister Michele Alliot - Marie said from Paris that the cabinet had passed an emergency measure to allow it to requisition commercial aircraft to land at the airport in Abidjan despite its closure .	   After a hard - fought battle with the Ivorian military , French troops seized control of the airport on Saturday as part of its retaliation after a government strike on a military camp in the central town of Bouake left nine French soldiers and a US civilian dead .	4	5	7
A Canadian and a Danish general are left in a two - horse race for NATO 's top military job to be decided next week , officials said Wednesday .	NONE	   North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) army chiefs will meet next Wednesday to decide on a successor to Germany 's General Harald Kujat as head of the alliance 's military committee .	22	23	25
A Canadian and a Danish general are left in a two - horse race for NATO 's top military job to be decided next week , officials said Wednesday .	NONE	   North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) army chiefs will meet next Wednesday to decide on a successor to Germany 's General Harald Kujat as head of the alliance 's military committee .	27	28	29
North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) army chiefs will meet next Wednesday to decide on a successor to Germany 's General Harald Kujat as head of the alliance 's military committee .	A Canadian and a Danish general are left in a two - horse race for NATO 's top military job to be decided next week , officials said Wednesday .	   The two candidates for the job -- Kujat stands down next July -- are Canadian army chief Ray Henault and his Danish counterpart Hans Jesper Helsoe , said a NATO spokeswoman .	10	11	13
The two candidates for the job -- Kujat stands down next July -- are Canadian army chief Ray Henault and his Danish counterpart Hans Jesper Helsoe , said a NATO spokeswoman .	North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) army chiefs will meet next Wednesday to decide on a successor to Germany 's General Harald Kujat as head of the alliance 's military committee .	   The military committee job traditionally goes to a European or a Canadian , while US generals traditionally fill the strategic command posts of the 26-member alliance .	8	10	12
Kujat is set to announce his successor personally next Wednesday , at a press conference after the decision is taken .	The military committee job traditionally goes to a European or a Canadian , while US generals traditionally fill the strategic command posts of the 26-member alliance .	NONE	4	8	10
The Dutch EU presidency said on Wednesday that Europe risked becoming a breeding ground for Islamic extremism and that the problem had to be dealt with urgently .	NONE	   " In all of Europe , young people are becoming more radical , " Dutch Justice Minister Rita Verdonk told an EU conference on immigration and integration being held in this northern Dutch city .	4	5	7
The Netherlands has been shaken by a number of serious incidents since controversial film director Theo van Gogh was murdered a week ago by a suspected Islamic radical .	Earlier , three police officers were wounded by a hand grenade .	   Three mosques were targeted by arsonists and two by vandals over the weekend , and two Islamic schools have also been attacked .	4	11	28
The Netherlands has been shaken by a number of serious incidents since controversial film director Theo van Gogh was murdered a week ago by a suspected Islamic radical .	Earlier , three police officers were wounded by a hand grenade .	   Three mosques were targeted by arsonists and two by vandals over the weekend , and two Islamic schools have also been attacked .	19	20	23
" We must ask ourselves if we ( the Netherlands ) have not been naive over the past few years , and if for too long we have taken in just any one , " said Verdonk .	Three mosques were targeted by arsonists and two by vandals over the weekend , and two Islamic schools have also been attacked .	   She said the man suspected of killing van Gogh , who is in police custody , " was driven by the same dark forces which were behind the attacks on New York and Madrid , " a reference to the September 11 attacks and the Spanish train bombings .	13	15	20
" We must ask ourselves if we ( the Netherlands ) have not been naive over the past few years , and if for too long we have taken in just any one , " said Verdonk .	Three mosques were targeted by arsonists and two by vandals over the weekend , and two Islamic schools have also been attacked .	   She said the man suspected of killing van Gogh , who is in police custody , " was driven by the same dark forces which were behind the attacks on New York and Madrid , " a reference to the September 11 attacks and the Spanish train bombings .	28	23	26
Speaking at the opening of the two - day conference , which is being held under tight security , Verdonk said the time for debating was short as the problems were pressing .	But she added : " We will not allow the Muslim community to be excluded and accused ... and that we enter into a spiral of fear and hate . "	   " We have to roll up our sleeves .	0	1	18
Speaking at the opening of the two - day conference , which is being held under tight security , Verdonk said the time for debating was short as the problems were pressing .	But she added : " We will not allow the Muslim community to be excluded and accused ... and that we enter into a spiral of fear and hate . "	   " We have to roll up our sleeves .	25	27	32
Kraft was the first ever German woman to win the famed triathlon , considered one of the hardest endurance events in the world when she lifted the trophy in Hawaii on October 17 .	" Nina Kraft admitted to me in a conversation that she had used EPO , " Muller - Ott told the Kieler Nachrichten newspaper .	   However the 35-year - old is now facing certain sanctions after Muller - Ott revealed that she has waived her right to have her second B sample analysed .	13	23	33
Kraft was the first ever German woman to win the famed triathlon , considered one of the hardest endurance events in the world when she lifted the trophy in Hawaii on October 17 .	" Nina Kraft admitted to me in a conversation that she had used EPO , " Muller - Ott told the Kieler Nachrichten newspaper .	   However the 35-year - old is now facing certain sanctions after Muller - Ott revealed that she has waived her right to have her second B sample analysed .	25	23	24
Kraft was the first ever German woman to win the famed triathlon , considered one of the hardest endurance events in the world when she lifted the trophy in Hawaii on October 17 .	" Nina Kraft admitted to me in a conversation that she had used EPO , " Muller - Ott told the Kieler Nachrichten newspaper .	   However the 35-year - old is now facing certain sanctions after Muller - Ott revealed that she has waived her right to have her second B sample analysed .	25	30	33
According to the newspaper Kraft has already admitted her guilt , and told the organiser of the Ironman in Germay , Kurt Denk , that she had done " something stupid " .	However the 35-year - old could be forced to hand back her medal , and faces a ban from competition if a second B sample also tests positive .	   The German Triathlon Union ( DTU ) meanwhile have not named Kraft , and are waiting on the results of her B sample .	7	6	7
According to the newspaper Kraft has already admitted her guilt , and told the organiser of the Ironman in Germay , Kurt Denk , that she had done " something stupid " .	However the 35-year - old could be forced to hand back her medal , and faces a ban from competition if a second B sample also tests positive .	   The German Triathlon Union ( DTU ) meanwhile have not named Kraft , and are waiting on the results of her B sample .	12	6	7
The Group of Seven richest countries is considering coordinated intervention on currency markets to stabilise foreign exchange rates , Italian Economy Minister Domenico Siniscalco said Wednesday .	NONE	   " We are talking again about intervention , not unilateral but a coordinated intervention , " he said .	24	25	26
Marco Melandri will ride for the Honda MotoGP team next season after parting company with Yamaha , the Italian rider said Wednesday .	NONE	   The 22-year - old former 250cc world champion replaces Colin Edwards and will ride alongside MotoGP runner - up Sete Gibernau under the Telefonica - MovieStar garage .	3	9	11
Marco Melandri will ride for the Honda MotoGP team next season after parting company with Yamaha , the Italian rider said Wednesday .	NONE	   The 22-year - old former 250cc world champion replaces Colin Edwards and will ride alongside MotoGP runner - up Sete Gibernau under the Telefonica - MovieStar garage .	3	11	16
Marco Melandri will ride for the Honda MotoGP team next season after parting company with Yamaha , the Italian rider said Wednesday .	NONE	   The 22-year - old former 250cc world champion replaces Colin Edwards and will ride alongside MotoGP runner - up Sete Gibernau under the Telefonica - MovieStar garage .	20	21	22
He will ride the RCV211 for the first time at the team 's three - day testing session at Jerez starting on November 24 .	Melandri and Honda chief mechanic Fabrizio Cecchini have already had discussions about their new bike .	   sb / mo04    Moto - Prix - ITA-250	2	5	9
He will ride the RCV211 for the first time at the team 's three - day testing session at Jerez starting on November 24 .	Melandri and Honda chief mechanic Fabrizio Cecchini have already had discussions about their new bike .	   sb / mo04    Moto - Prix - ITA-250	2	20	24
He will ride the RCV211 for the first time at the team 's three - day testing session at Jerez starting on November 24 .	Melandri and Honda chief mechanic Fabrizio Cecchini have already had discussions about their new bike .	   sb / mo04    Moto - Prix - ITA-250	20	21	24
They even took the toilets , " lamented Babette , who after years running the Pierrot bakery in Ivory Coast 's main city Abidjan , waited Wednesday with hundreds of other French nationals to be evacuated from the violence - wracked country .	" We have nothing left , nothing .	   Torn between fear , relief and sadness , hundreds of French and other European expatriates were registering for the first evacuation flight that eventually left Abidjan on Wednesday afternoon , taking 270 French nationals away the violence that has rocked Ivory Coast for the past week to Paris .	13	11	12
They even took the toilets , " lamented Babette , who after years running the Pierrot bakery in Ivory Coast 's main city Abidjan , waited Wednesday with hundreds of other French nationals to be evacuated from the violence - wracked country .	" We have nothing left , nothing .	   Torn between fear , relief and sadness , hundreds of French and other European expatriates were registering for the first evacuation flight that eventually left Abidjan on Wednesday afternoon , taking 270 French nationals away the violence that has rocked Ivory Coast for the past week to Paris .	25	11	24
They even took the toilets , " lamented Babette , who after years running the Pierrot bakery in Ivory Coast 's main city Abidjan , waited Wednesday with hundreds of other French nationals to be evacuated from the violence - wracked country .	" We have nothing left , nothing .	   Torn between fear , relief and sadness , hundreds of French and other European expatriates were registering for the first evacuation flight that eventually left Abidjan on Wednesday afternoon , taking 270 French nationals away the violence that has rocked Ivory Coast for the past week to Paris .	25	26	27
She was forced to leave without her husband , who was stuck in the central city of Bouake , the rebels ' stronghold , where he has worked for the past two years .	There 's nothing left for us here . "	   The anti - French violence that boiled over at the weekend has left a knot of fear in her stomach .	27	28	33
The anti - French violence that boiled over at the weekend has left a knot of fear in her stomach .	She was forced to leave without her husband , who was stuck in the central city of Bouake , the rebels ' stronghold , where he has worked for the past two years .	   " It was horrible ... " Rachel said , adding that she was " very scared " when the President Laurent Gbagbo 's hardline backers -- the " Young Patriots " -- stormed the neighbourhood she lived in .	6	8	11
" This is the second time we 've been looted .	" Everyone is in a state of shock , especially the children , " said Rachel , who had sheltered with a group of other French nationals and was plucked to safety by French troops .	The first was in January 2003 after the Marcoussis accord , " said Babette , the baker , referring to a French - brokered peace pact which brought rebels -- whose failed bid to oust Gbagbo in September 2003 sparked the civil war -- into a unity government and was supposed to see the president cede some of his powers to a prime minister .	9	3	6
The accord was denounced by the Young Patriots , who ran riot for days in Abidjan , looting and torching anything French , and has still not been implemented .	The first was in January 2003 after the Marcoussis accord , " said Babette , the baker , referring to a French - brokered peace pact which brought rebels -- whose failed bid to oust Gbagbo in September 2003 sparked the civil war -- into a unity government and was supposed to see the president cede some of his powers to a prime minister .	   " This time , they took everything , " said Babette , who was heading back to France after 35 years in Ivory Coast . "	10	12	14
The accord was denounced by the Young Patriots , who ran riot for days in Abidjan , looting and torching anything French , and has still not been implemented .	The first was in January 2003 after the Marcoussis accord , " said Babette , the baker , referring to a French - brokered peace pact which brought rebels -- whose failed bid to oust Gbagbo in September 2003 sparked the civil war -- into a unity government and was supposed to see the president cede some of his powers to a prime minister .	   " This time , they took everything , " said Babette , who was heading back to France after 35 years in Ivory Coast . "	28	25	26
" This time , they took everything , " said Babette , who was heading back to France after 35 years in Ivory Coast . "	The accord was denounced by the Young Patriots , who ran riot for days in Abidjan , looting and torching anything French , and has still not been implemented .	They even came back on Sunday to take the last freezer . "	5	1	3
" This time , they took everything , " said Babette , who was heading back to France after 35 years in Ivory Coast . "	The accord was denounced by the Young Patriots , who ran riot for days in Abidjan , looting and torching anything French , and has still not been implemented .	They even came back on Sunday to take the last freezer . "	14	18	24
They even came back on Sunday to take the last freezer . "	" This time , they took everything , " said Babette , who was heading back to France after 35 years in Ivory Coast . "	   " White people were killed , women were raped , " she said . "	2	4	6
For two years now , we 've been letting them say it 's open hunting for the French . "	I 'm Ivorian but I spit on it .	   Fifty - two - year - old Michel , a French national whose father was Ivorian , has no idea what he will do when he and his family arrive in France after 20 years in Ivory Coast .	8	0	4
Fifty - two - year - old Michel , a French national whose father was Ivorian , has no idea what he will do when he and his family arrive in France after 20 years in Ivory Coast .	For two years now , we 've been letting them say it 's open hunting for the French . "	   But he does know that he is unlikely to return to the west African country , where he already lost everything to looters in 2002 , leaving slim pickings for the perpetrators of the more recent spree of violence .	22	24	38
Fifty - two - year - old Michel , a French national whose father was Ivorian , has no idea what he will do when he and his family arrive in France after 20 years in Ivory Coast .	For two years now , we 've been letting them say it 's open hunting for the French . "	   But he does know that he is unlikely to return to the west African country , where he already lost everything to looters in 2002 , leaving slim pickings for the perpetrators of the more recent spree of violence .	23	24	38
Fifty - two - year - old Michel , a French national whose father was Ivorian , has no idea what he will do when he and his family arrive in France after 20 years in Ivory Coast .	For two years now , we 've been letting them say it 's open hunting for the French . "	   But he does know that he is unlikely to return to the west African country , where he already lost everything to looters in 2002 , leaving slim pickings for the perpetrators of the more recent spree of violence .	29	24	25
Fifty - two - year - old Michel , a French national whose father was Ivorian , has no idea what he will do when he and his family arrive in France after 20 years in Ivory Coast .	For two years now , we 've been letting them say it 's open hunting for the French . "	   But he does know that he is unlikely to return to the west African country , where he already lost everything to looters in 2002 , leaving slim pickings for the perpetrators of the more recent spree of violence .	29	32	38
" I 'm not a youngster any more and starting over again and again gets a bit tiring after a while . "	" We 'll see about coming back , " he told AFP .	NONE	2	6	8
" I 'm not a youngster any more and starting over again and again gets a bit tiring after a while . "	" We 'll see about coming back , " he told AFP .	NONE	9	11	12
" I 'm not a youngster any more and starting over again and again gets a bit tiring after a while . "	" We 'll see about coming back , " he told AFP .	NONE	14	13	14
" I 'm not a youngster any more and starting over again and again gets a bit tiring after a while . "	" We 'll see about coming back , " he told AFP .	NONE	14	18	21
The Red Crescent said it has sent a team to the besieged Iraqi city of Fallujah Wednesday ahead of a planned dispatch of emergency food aid as it voiced dismay over the state of medical facilities inside .	NONE	   Two Red Crescent officials and a local from Fallujah are due to assess the humanitarian situation inside the Sunni Muslim enclave , which has been turned into the largest battlefield since last year 's US - led invasion .	6	16	17
The Red Crescent said it has sent a team to the besieged Iraqi city of Fallujah Wednesday ahead of a planned dispatch of emergency food aid as it voiced dismay over the state of medical facilities inside .	NONE	   Two Red Crescent officials and a local from Fallujah are due to assess the humanitarian situation inside the Sunni Muslim enclave , which has been turned into the largest battlefield since last year 's US - led invasion .	6	17	26
The Red Crescent said it has sent a team to the besieged Iraqi city of Fallujah Wednesday ahead of a planned dispatch of emergency food aid as it voiced dismay over the state of medical facilities inside .	NONE	   Two Red Crescent officials and a local from Fallujah are due to assess the humanitarian situation inside the Sunni Muslim enclave , which has been turned into the largest battlefield since last year 's US - led invasion .	6	26	37
" We have n't got the okay for the team to enter the city but something should be done , " said Firdaws al - Ibadi , a spokeswoman for the relief agency , referring to the huge US - led military onslaught launched on Monday evening .	Two Red Crescent officials and a local from Fallujah are due to assess the humanitarian situation inside the Sunni Muslim enclave , which has been turned into the largest battlefield since last year 's US - led invasion .	   The Red Crescent also planned to send on Thursday a convoy of five or six trucks laden with food into Fallujah , where a strict curfew has been imposed and water and electricity supplies cut .	43	44	47
The Red Crescent also planned to send on Thursday a convoy of five or six trucks laden with food into Fallujah , where a strict curfew has been imposed and water and electricity supplies cut .	" We have n't got the okay for the team to enter the city but something should be done , " said Firdaws al - Ibadi , a spokeswoman for the relief agency , referring to the huge US - led military onslaught launched on Monday evening .	   A central mosque had been converted into a field hospital to treat the wounded caught in street fights , but it only has one medic as all the others are inside the main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the all - out assault , Ibadi said .	6	7	9
Iraq 's military spokesman for the assault , called Operation Dawn , admitted that conditions inside the city for the few residents still living there were grim .	" If we fail to get the green light , we will ask to run the Fallujah general hospital , " Ibadi said , adding that the Red Crescent had a team of 10 ambulances , five surgeons and a number of nurses on stand - by .	   " This is not a joke , it is a full - scale battle , " Major General Abdul Qader Mohan told reporters at Camp Fallujah , outside the city .	23	22	23
" We will expedite that in the next few days . "	For its part the interim government had sent humanitarian and medical aid to Fallujah , Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's official spokesman said .	said Thaer al - Naqib .	3	5	10
